usually, he would be tearing around the living room, playing with his toys.
but just one look at a minion sent him practically catatonic.
that had been megan's plan when she got him dressed earlier.
he 'd seen the movie almost by mistake, considering he was a little young for the pg cartoon, but with older cousins, along with her brothers, mason was often exposed to things that were older.
she liked to think being surrounded by adults and older kids was one reason why he was a such a good talker for his age.
" aren't you being a good boy? "
she said.
mason barely acknowledged her.
instead, his baby blues remained focused on the television.
since the movie was almost over, megan knew she better slip into the bedroom and finish getting ready.
each time she looked into mason's face, she was grateful that he looked nothing like his father.
his platinum blond hair and blue eyes were completely hers.
it was only his build that he was taking after his father.
where megan was a diminutive 5'3 ", davis was 6'1 " and two hundred pounds.
mason was already registering off the charts in height and weight according to his pediatrician.
davis had seen mason only twice in his lifetime-the day he had been born and the day he came home from the hospital.
after that, he hadn't been interested in any of the pictures and emails megan sent.
with his professional football career on the rise, davis hadn't wanted to be shackled with the responsibilities of a baby.
instead, he wanted to spend his time off the field partying until all hours of the night.
he only paid child support when megan threatened to have his wages garnished.
she dreaded the day when mason was old enough to ask about his father.
she never wanted anything in the world to hurt him, and she knew that being rejected by his father would.
with a sigh, she stepped into the dress and slid it over her hips.
wrestling around to get the zipper all the way up caused her to huff and puff.
standing back from the mirror, she turned to and fro to take in her appearance.
she 'd always loved how the dress made her feel sexy, but at the same time was very respectable.
while it boasted a sweetheart neckline, the hemline fell just below her knees.
she put on her pearls-a high school graduation gift from her uncle aidan, or " ankle ", as she often called him.
aidan was her mother's baby brother and only son of the family.
when she was born, he was only eight and a half.
as the first grandchild, megan spent a lot of time with her grandparents, and that in turn, meant she spent a lot of time with aidan.
he had devoted hours to holding her and spoiling her rotten.
when it came time for her to talk, she just couldn't seem to get " uncle aidan " out.
instead, she called him " ankle. "
it was a nickname that had stuck with him even now that he was thirty-four and married.
while it had been no question that she wanted him as godfather for mason, she had been extremely honored when he and his wife, emma, had asked her to be their son, noah's, godmother.
she loved her newest cousin very much and planned to be the best godmother she could for him.
as she stepped out of the bedroom, she found that mason had yet to move.
" okay buddy, time to go. "
when he started to whine, she shook her head.
" we have such a fun day ahead of us.
it's noah's baptism, and then there's a party at uncle aidan and aunt emma's house. "
" beau? "
he asked.
she laughed.
" yes, you 'll get to see and play with beau, too. "
as she went to the couch and picked him up, she couldn't help finding it amusing that out of everyone he was going to see today, he was most excited about being with aidan and emma's black lab, beau.
one day when they had their own place again, she would get him a dog.
he loved them too much to be denied.
" oomph, " she muttered, as they started up the basement stairs.
" heawy? "
he asked.
" yes, you're getting to be such a big, heavy boy. "
when they made it to the kitchen, megan paused to catch her breath.
she only had a second before her mother breezed in with sean, and her youngest brother, gavin.
" ready? "
she asked.
megan nodded.
feeling like she was once again a teenager, she filed behind her parents as they headed into the garage.
" i want to drive, " gavin said.
with a smirk, sean replied, " like i'm gon na let you drive my car. "
he then slid into the driver's seat as gavin reluctantly walked around to the passenger's side.
" we 'll see you there in just a few, " her mother called.
sean acknowledged her with a two finger salute before cranking up and pulling down the driveway.
megan worked to get mason into the car seat in her parents'land rover.
once he was safely strapped and buckled in, she hopped in beside him.
her parents rattled along to each other as they made their way through the tree-lined suburbs where megan had grown up.
while some might look on her as having a mark against her character being an unwed mother, she had lived a relatively non-rebellious life.
even though she 'd been a cheerleader and ran with the popular crowd in school, she rarely partied to excess.
instead, she had focused on getting good grades.
at that time, she had her heart set on going to medical school and becoming a doctor.
from the time she was a little girl, she had wanted nothing more than to help people.
she was always mending birds with broken wings or trying to resuscitate squirrels who had been hit by cars.
she ditched playing princess for playing " hospital. "
her desire to become a doctor was why she needed the best scores and best activities and why she generally shunned any temptations to lead her off the right path.
she had even managed to bypass the usual freshman craziness when she went off to the university of georgia.
it wasn't until she fell in love for the first time in her life that she threw everything away.
sadly, she couldn't say that her first love was davis, mason's father.
instead, it was another football player, this time a running back at uga, who captured and later broke her heart a year later.
carsyn ran with the fast crowd, and when she was with him, she partied and drank too much.
he was controlling and possessive, and he wanted all of her time.
when she was with him, she had little time for studying.
with her grades already in the toilet, she was unprepared for the emotional breakdown she experienced when carsyn broke up with her.
devastated, she stopped going to class and ended up flunking the semester.
by the time she got back on track with her grades, she had abandoned any hope of medical school.
instead, she decided that she would become a nurse, which would fulfill her need to care for sick people.
of course, her relationship with davis ended up derailing shortly before graduation when she got pregnant unexpectedly.
she had to take several semesters off after mason was born.
she was a few years off from when she had originally planned on graduating, but she was excited after everything had that had happened, she was finally finishing.
her mother's voice brought megan out of her thoughts.
" here we are, " she said pleasantly.
leaning forward in her seat, megan eyed the clock on the dashboard.
she wasn't surprised to see they had arrived half an hour before the baptism started.
one thing her mother prided herself on was being on time and lending a hand.
as they started into the church, her mother reached for mason.
" we 'll take him so you can go see if emma needs any help. "
megan bent over to kiss mason's cheek.
" see you in a little while, sweetie. "
he grinned and then happily dodged her mother's arms for her father's instead, which made megan smile.
he was such a man's man already.
he loved sitting between her brothers on the couch and watching tv.
while it was good that he had so many male role models, she only hoped he hadn't inherited too much of his father's personality.
after megan watched them disappear in the crowd of family and friends waiting in the church alcove, she bypassed everyone by turning right and heading down the hallway.
at the last door on the right, she knocked.
" it's me, megan. "
emma's best friend, casey, answered the door.
" well, if it isn't the fairy godmother, " she mused with a grin.
after megan stepped inside, casey threw her arms around her.
megan had only met her a few times, but it was hard not liking emma's vivacious and outgoing friend.
casey's long brown hair was pulled back in a lose knot, and she wore a demure black slip dress and heels.
" so how's it going? "
megan asked, gazing from noah's diapered but na**d form to emma.
she was feeding him a bottle while her upper body was draped in a towel.
peeking out from the covering, she saw emma was wearing her signature color, green.
as noah sucked on his bottle, he twirled a strand of emma's auburn hair between his fingers.
both father and son were fans of emma wearing her hair down.
emma grinned.
" good, i guess.
i mean, i don't have a lot of experience with baptisms. "
megan laughed and motioned to the towel and noah.
" it looks like you're taking all the proper precautions-nothing like spit-up on your dress or his. "
with a nod, emma replied, " tell me about it.
especially since his gown is so old. "
megan eyed the lacy baptismal gown hanging on the closet door.
she recognized it from pictures of ankle's baptism.
he had worn it, and now it was being passed down to his son.
casey snorted.
" i'm sure aidan wouldn't appreciate you alluding to the fact his gown is an antique, thus in turn saying he's old. "
emma laughed.
" no, i'm sure he wouldn't.
of course, he 'd probably argue that while the gown might not have held up, he still looks fabulous and much younger than his age. "
megan smiled.
" that sounds just like him. "
she bent over emma to rub one of noah's hands.
he grabbed her thumb in his fist and held on for dear life.
" aw, you love your godmother, don't you noah? "
emma asked.
noah momentarily stopped sucking on the bottle to flash a quick smile, which warmed megan's heart.
" he's such a sweet boy, " she mused.
" and a charmer, just like his old man, " casey mused.
" that too, " megan agreed.
thinking about her position, she cocked her head at casey.
" are you sure you're fine with me being the godmother? "
casey waved her hand dismissively.
" honey, the last thing i need is the responsibility.
i plan on spoiling noah rotten and corrupting him as only a good auntie can do! "
emma rolled her eyes.
" i'm very satisfied with both my choices, megan.
you don't have to worry. "
" so who is the godfather again?
i know he's not part of the family. "
casey gasped as her hand flew to her chest dramatically.
" you mean, you've never met dr. mcdreamy bollywood? "
megan shrugged.
" no, i haven't.
i mean, i've heard about him and how he flew aidan home in time for noah's birth. "
she noticed the pleading look that emma exchanged with casey.
" why?
what should i know about him? "
casey tapped her chin with her index finger.
" hmm, what should you know about the good godfather? "
she winked at megan.
" first off, he is seriously delectable.
i mean, the man is like sex on a stick.
tall, jet-black hair, dark eyes, and he's built like a brick shithouse. "
megan suddenly felt her interest piquing.
she hadn't imagined that the godfather would be good-looking.
it had been such a long time since she had dated anyone.
scratch that-it had been a long time since she 'd had sex with anyone.
she 'd spent the last two years completely dateless since she and davis broke up.
she could practically join one of the local parishes as a nun with how long she had abstained.
" really? "
" mmm, hmm.
he reminds me of that bollywood actor john abraham, " casey said.
emma snorted.
" since when do you watch bollywood movies? "
" since one of nate's friends asked us to an indian film festival. "
casey grinned at megan.
" besides the fact that he's a serious looker, he's also kind, compassionate, and caring-an overall wonderful man. "
" really now? "
megan questioned.
" and he's loaded because he's a doctor. "
this man was sounding better and better by the minute.
" is he single? "
emma made a strangled noise before casey replied, " oh, yeah, he's single.
he's a widower actually. "
megan pursed her lips at the prospect.
widowers usually fell into two categories-those who were still devastated by their wives'deaths or those who were ready to have fun and live a little.
she certainly hoped this pesh guy fell into the second category.
more than anything, she wanted to have a little fun herself.
" do you really think you might be interested in dating pesh? "
emma asked, as she moved noah to her shoulder to burp him.
with a shrug, megan replied, " dating him or just having some fun with him.
sounds like he could use some. "
emma grimaced as she wiped noah's face off.
" this is exactly why i told aidan not to try and fix you two up. "
" what do you mean? "
" pesh needs a relationship, not a hook-up after all he's been through.
besides his wife's death, he hasn't had it easy on the dating front. "
" what happened? "
when casey snorted, emma shot her a death glare.
" nothing.
it's just he doesn't need to get involved with someone who isn't interested in a long-term relationship. "
" em, you might as well tell her, " casey urged.
megan glanced between the two of them.
" tell me what? "
" fine, " emma huffed resignedly.
she handed noah to casey.
" make yourself useful by changing his diaper. "
as casey got busy cleaning up noah, emma turned to megan.
" when aidan and i broke up- " " what you meant to say is, after you left aidan when he didn't show up for noah's gender ultrasound because he was cheating on you? "
casey interrupted, waving around the wet wipe in her hand.
emma closed her eyes for a moment before shaking her head.
" yes, that's right.
thank you so very much for bringing up that aspect of our break-up on today of all days. "
casey gripped noah's ankles and hoisted up his little butt to slide on the new diaper.
" you're welcome. "
" anyway, as you were saying, " megan pressed.
" right.
so it was when aidan and i were broken up that i met pesh.
i was with your papa fitzgerald the day of his heart attack at the vfw, and pesh was the doctor who treated him. "
" so... you both struck up a friendship then? "
megan asked.
emma grimaced.
" not exactly.
you see, patrick wanted to force aidan to really fight for me, and he felt the best way to do it would be for him to have some competition. "
megan felt her eyes widening in surprise.
" papa wanted pesh to date you? "
" yeah. "
" did you? "
emma was momentarily distracted by casey blowing raspberries on noah's stomach.
a smile spread across her face as noah kicked his legs and giggled at casey.
" want me to get him in his dress? "
casey asked, as she glanced up.
" if you don't mind. "
bringing her hand to her hip, megan huffed out an exasperated breath.
" um, could you please focus for just a minute considering the bomb you just dropped on me? "
" i'm sorry.
i didn't want to tell you at all.
i mean, whatever was between us is all in the past.
neither one of us really cared for each other like we thought we did. "
" did you... " megan said.
at emma's confused expression, she wiggled her eyebrows suggestively.
emma's face flushed.
" no, of course not! "
casey eyed emma as she took the baptism gown off the hanger.
" you did make out with him though. "
" one time.
and he certainly didn't get to second base, " emma argued.
with a wicked grin, casey added, " pity.
wish you could inform us on what he has going on below the waist. "
emma rolled her eyes.
" you're impossible. "
she snatched the gown away from casey and then started wrestling noah into the yards of fabric.
" it wasn't like we were in a relationship.
we didn't really even go out together.
he came to the house once to bring me dinner and check on me when i was on bed rest, and then he took me to the opera.
that was it. "
" was there no chemistry between you two? "
megan asked.
without responding, emma pulled noah up into a sitting position and started fastening the row of buttons down the back of the gown.
" em? "
megan pressed.
she gave a heavy sigh before picking noah up.
she stared into his face before she responded.
" we had great chemistry together.
he was an amazing kisser who got all my senses up and running in all the right ways.
besides the physical part, he is smart, kind, and intelligent-any woman's dream. "
she shook her head.
" but it didn't matter because he wasn't aidan.
i could never, ever love another man like i do him. "
giving noah a kiss on the cheek, she added, " neither one of us were really in a good place-i was trying to make sure that aidan really was the one, and after being pressured by family and friends, he was trying to date for the first time after his wife's death. "
megan crossed her arms over her chest.
" i get that he doesn't need to be hurt, but who is to say that having a fling is going to hurt him?
maybe it could give him the confidence he needs to go out and find the real woman of his dreams? "
casey snorted.
" how could a man that looks like that have any self-confidence issues? "
megan shrugged.
" you never know.
if he was married a long time before his wife died, he might find it hard to get back into the dating world.
especially if the last woman he cared about loved someone else. "
emma shook her head.
" trust me, he isn't the fling kind of guy.
he wants a wife and children. "
although megan had a son, she wasn't quite ready for marriage.
maybe in a few years but right now she just wanted to date and have fun.
she 'd willingly sacrificed so much to ensure that mason could have all of her attention since he was short a father.
after all, he was the greatest hurdle in her having a committed relationship.
she didn't want to open her son up to any hurt that might come from him getting attached to a man she dated only to have them disappear when they broke up.
" ankle really wants to fix us up? "
megan questioned.
emma nodded.
" regardless of what happened with pesh when we were broken up, aidan does respect and admire him.
he wants pesh to be happy. "
she gave megan a pointed look.
" most of all, he wants that for you, too. "
megan wrinkled her nose.
" but i'm really not ready for all of that yet. "
" then think long and hard before you agree to do anything about pesh.
he is unknowingly very persuasive, and in the moment, you might forget your resolve only to have it come back later to hurt you... or him. "
megan held up her hands in defeat.
" okay, okay, i promise. "
emma smiled.
" nothing would make me happier than if you were to fall in love with pesh. "
with a laugh, megan said, " did you just hear anything that i said?
i'm anti-love. "
" so was aidan. "
just as megan opened her mouth to protest, aidan waltzed into the room.
" everything okay? "
" fine.
just finished feeding and dressing him, " emma replied " good.
the natives are getting restless to see the little man of the hour before the baptism. "
he strode over to them and took his son into his arms.
" you ready to go work the crowd, noah? "
noah's response was to grunt and reach for aidan's tie.
with a laugh, aidan announced, " i 'll take that as a yes. "
he then leaned in to kiss emma's cheek.
" ready mrs.
fitzgerald? "
she smiled before linking her arm through his.
" yes, mr. fitzgerald, i am. "
megan and casey followed them out the door and down the hallway.
they entered a noisy room crammed with family and friends.
she left aidan and emma's side to seek out her parents to check on mason.
she found her parents, but their arms were empty.
in a panic, she demanded, " where's mason? "
her father smiled and pointed over to where a pile of her younger cousins were.
mason was on the lap of her aunt becky's oldest son, john.
mason was mesmerized with what whatever john was doing on his phone.
megan smiled as she walked up to them.
" everything okay? "
without taking his eyes off the screen, john replied, " we're fine. "
" are you sure he's not bothering you? "
what she wasn't asking was if john was actually keeping an eye on mason between playing on his phone.
john glanced up.
" considering i have two younger brothers, i think i can handle him.
besides, he's really into this game. "
" okay then, " megan replied.
she spoke to john's brothers, percy and georgie, before making her way around the room.
all her relatives were interested to hear how her schooling was going and how mason was.
she had just turned away from talking to her great aunt and uncle when someone pressed up against her back.
" don't look now, but there's dr. mcdreamy bollywood now, " casey whispered into her ear.
without hesitation, her eyes scanned the crowd.
and then she saw him.
ankle was taking him around and making introductions.
pesh was impossibly tall and wearing a tailor-made black suit.
even beneath the lines of the clothing, she could make out his large biceps and thick thighs.
he obviously spent his downtime between hospital shifts working out.
his wavy, jet-black hair was cut short, and his dark eyes took in all that ankle was saying.
and while she may have been in a church about to stand up as a godmother, she couldn't help the ni**les tightening and panties moistening reaction of seeing him.
he was all the way across the room, but he had the same effect as if he were standing by her side, rubbing against her.
" see what i mean? "
casey questioned.
megan licked her lips.
" oh my, " she finally managed.
" sure you don't want to give him a chance? "
fighting the urge to fan herself, megan quickly replied, " i 'd like to give him many, many chances. "
chances at ripping off my clothes, chances at kissing and licking me all over my body, chances at allowing his hands, fingers, and the promising bulge in his pants to stroke me until i orgasm... yep, many, many chances.
as if she could read megan's mind, casey laughed.
" oh girl, this has trouble written all over it. "
chapter three pesh paced nervously around the back of the cathedral.
the fact he was in a catholic church wasn't the only reason he felt out of his element.
as he eyed the massive statue of jesus, he fidgeted absently with his tie.
although emma had sworn aidan was fine with the idea of him as godfather, he was still a little apprehensive about seeing aidan again.
the last time they 'd been together, pesh was the hero flying aidan from north carolina to atlanta just in time for noah's unexpected birth.
but that was six months ago.
the euphoria of the moment now had time to fade, and to aidan, pesh could still be the man who almost stole emma away.
a side door opened, and aidan stepped out.
he immediately met pesh's anxious gaze.
when his lips curved into a wide smile, pesh exhaled the nervous breath he 'd been holding.
" well, there you are, " aidan said, as he strode up.
he bypassed throwing out his hand, and instead, he pulled pesh to him for a bear hug.
" emma was worried about you. "
" she was? "
" yeah, she asked me to come out and see if i could find you. "
" i'm sorry.
i wasn't sure where to go, and no one was out here. "
" don't worry about it. "
aidan pulled away.
" so how the hell are you? "
pesh couldn't help laughing at aidan's choice of words, especially in a church.
" i'm good, thank you. "
he cocked his head at aidan.
" and what about you?
is fatherhood agreeing with you? "
a beaming smile lit aidan's face.
" i'm absolutely fantastic.
i never could have imagined that being a father would be this... amazing. "
pesh nodded.
" i want you to know what an honor it is for me to be noah's godfather. "
" we're glad to have you. "
aidan patted pesh's back.
" and i do mean that. "
" i hope you do.
i have had my concerns... " aidan shook his head.
" well, don't.
i 'll admit i wasn't too thrilled with the prospect at first, but em was able to make me see the light.
you were there for us when we really needed you.
i mean, besides my wedding day, i would've missed the most important days of my life-my son's birth.
i can never thank you enough.
so when it comes down to it, i don't think i could ask for a better godfather for my son. "
aidan's words touched pesh.
" thank you.
that means a lot.
you have my word that i will always do what is right by noah. "
after giving him a hearty thump on the shoulder, aidan said, " come on back with me.
i want to introduce you to everyone. "
" do they... " pesh wasn't sure how to ask if aidan's family knew the story of how he and emma truly knew each other.
aidan chuckled.
" let's just say that pop's the only one who knows the truth.
the others just think you met us when pop had his heart attack. "
pesh couldn't help the relieved breath that whooshed out of him.
it would have been a nightmare to have most of aidan's family hating him for trying to steal emma away.
" i see. "
he followed aidan back into a large room filled with chattering people.
as he craned his neck, he saw emma in the corner with noah in her arms.
she looked radiant as ever in an emerald suit.
noah, however, didn't seem too thrilled to be outfitted in the lacy gown that flowed over emma's arms and stopped mid-thigh.
his tiny brows wrinkled as he waved his fists back and forth as if any moment he might let loose with a scream.
taking him by the elbow, aidan guided him over to a group of men and women.
aidan introduced him to his four sisters and their husbands.
pesh smiled, nodded, and shook their hands before being bombarded by a hoard of aidan's nieces and nephews.
" now i want you to meet my niece, megan.
she's the godmother. "
" it would be my pleasure. "
aidan surprised pesh by leaning in and whispering in his ear.
" i'm pretty sure over half of the people here are gunning for you two to get together.
you know, a real romantic story to tell future kids about how you two met being the godmother and godfather of this sweet and adorable kid. "
pesh gulped.
why was everyone he knew hell-bent on setting him up?
had emma harbored some secret, ulterior motive in asking him to be noah's godfather?
" i'm flattered, but i don't know if that's such a good idea. "
pulling back, aidan surmised him before winking.
" normally i would agree because she is, after all, my niece-my favorite one if i'm being honest.
but as much as it pisses me off to admit it, you two would make a great couple. "
" we would? "
" hell yeah. "
aidan swept his hand over his chin.
" megan needs someone strong and stable like you are, and then you need someone who is so full of life like she is.
i can guaran-damn-tee you that you've never been out with a woman like her before.
emma is like, one tenths the sassiness that megan is. "
pesh couldn't help giving aidan a skeptical look.
" just keep an open mind, okay? "
with a reluctant nod, pesh replied, " i will. "
" megan, " aidan called.
when the tiny blonde turned around, pesh fought to catch his breath.
everything about her from her sparkling blue eyes to her long blonde hair was just like jade's.
how was it possible for someone to remind him so much of what he had lost?
aidan grinned as he glanced between the two of them.
" i wanted to introduce you to pesh nadeen, the godfather. "
thrusting out her hand, megan smiled warmly at him.
" it's very nice to finally meet you. "
he stared at it a moment before his good manners overrode his shock.
he took her hand in his and shook it.
" it's very nice meeting you, too. "
" i 'll leave you two to get to know each other, " aidan said.
before pesh could protest, aidan turned and disappeared into the crowd.
he turned to megan and tried clearing his throat of what felt like a wad of sawdust.
he knew he should try to make polite conversation, but he was still so shell-shocked by the way megan looked.
finally, she took pity on him.
" so, emma tells me you're a doctor. "
pesh smiled politely.
" yes, i am. "
" what type of medicine? "
" emergency services. "
megan's face lit up.
" oh, how interesting.
i'm about to finish nursing school, and i've asked for clinical placement in the er. "
pesh widened his eyes in surprise.
aidan had failed to mention that they had the medical profession in common.
" really? "
megan nodded.
" i'm hoping to get placed at grady, even though my parents would die a thousand deaths. "
he cocked his brows at her.
" i assume they're afraid for your safety? "
" yes.
they can't help worrying about the neighborhood.
they sometimes forget i'm an adult, rather than a child. "
" what is it about grady that attracts you? "
" besides the fact that it's nationally recognized for its er? "
he smiled.
" yes, besides the accolades. "
megan tilted her head in thought.
" i guess it's the fact i really want to feel like i'm making a difference and saving lives.
i feel like at grady i would be seeing some of the worst cases imaginable, and in turn some people who really don't have a lot of hope. "
he was taken aback by her words and the passion with which she delivered them.
while she possessed a beautiful exterior, she certainly seemed to have a greater depth of character than he had originally expected.
he didn't often meet someone like her.
most of the women at the hospital who threw themselves at him possessed only surface beauty.
he didn't have to be with them very long to perceive their true shallowness and self-centeredness.
to them, he was a prize to be won.
he couldn't ever imagine megan feeling that way.
she wasn't the type of woman to care about a trophy man on her arm-she wanted to make her own way in the world.
" it is so good to hear someone speak with such passion about nursing. "
" really? "
he nodded.
" we desperately need more people like you.
i know i would love to work alongside someone who had your passion. "
she smiled at his compliments.
he couldn't help noticing what a nice smile she had.
the way it framed her heart shaped face made her appear much less like jade than he had originally thought.
" thank you.
maybe we 'll end up together. "
she licked her lips before adding, " you know, at the same hospital. "
" i would like that.
but i'm afraid that wellstar pales in comparison to grady. "
" surely the suburbs offer some interesting cases? "
" they do.
i've been there since my residency, so i can't imagine working anywhere else.
after all, i wouldn't be standing here today with you if it weren't for wellstar and your grandfather. "
" that's true. "
tilting her head, she gave him a very alluring smile.
" and what a pity that would be if our paths hadn't crossed. "
he sucked in a breath at the directness of her statement.
could she really be interested in him?
sure, it was common knowledge that aidan and others wanted them to get together, but he had imagined that she had not known their intentions.
and while originally he had been turned off by aidan's suggestion of fixing them up, he couldn't help but be intrigued now.
there was something so refreshingly different about megan, despite her physical similarities to jade.
" mommy! "
a small voice cried.
pesh glanced over megan's shoulder where a fair-haired toddler came bounding over.
he wrapped his arms around megan's thigh.
she gave him an apologetic look before bending over.
" what's the matter, sweetie? "
he grinned up at her.
" miss you. "
with a smile, she bent over and picked him up.
when he sat on her hip, she turned her attention back to pesh.
" this is my son, mason. "
pesh couldn't help noticing how megan searched his face to see if there was any judgment or even disgust at her having a son.
he felt neither of those emotions.
he had to admit he was a little surprised.
aidan had failed to mention that fact as well.
not to mention, she seemed young to be a mother, considering she was just finishing her clinicals.
" it's nice to meet you, mason. "
" can you tell pesh hi? "
megan urged.
" hi, esh, " mason said, with a grin.
pesh couldn't help laughing, and he was thankful that megan giggled as well.
" how old are you? "
mason held up two fingers to which megan shook her head.
" he's seventeen months. "
pesh smiled.
" you must be very proud of him. "
" i am. "
she snuggled mason against her chest.
" he's the sweetest and best boy i could ever hope for. "
" you're very blessed. "
" thank you. "
they were interrupted by aidan's sister, angie, who pesh had met earlier.
" looks like it's time to start.
come on mason.
mommy has to go be noah's godmother now. "
mason reluctantly went to his grandmother.
" be good for grammy, " megan instructed.
after angie walked off with mason, the other family members began filing out of the room.
pesh turned to megan and gave her a sheepish smile.
" i must admit that even though i attended a class with emma, i'm a little unsure of what i'm supposed to do. "
" it's okay.
just follow my lead, and you 'll be fine. "
" thank you. "
once it was only the two of them and aidan and emma in the room, aidan motioned for them.
a priest in decorated golden robes appeared at the door with a gleaming crucifix in his hands.
pesh tried not to feel intimidated as the odd man out in the situation.
music struck up on the organ, and the priest motioned for them to follow.
before they went out the door, emma glanced down at noah.
" please, please, do not scream in there and act like a demon baby.
be the angel i know you can be. "
he acknowledged her request by sticking his tongue out and flailing his fists.
aidan chuckled at emma's plea.
" relax, babe.
if he feels you getting all tense, he's going to get fussy. "
emma sighed.
" he's already fussy.
he was fine until i put him in the gown. "
" i guess he feels that wearing a dress is insulting to his manhood, " aidan reasoned with a smile.
when emma shot aidan a death glare, megan and pesh couldn't help laughing at the two of them.
aidan winked at emma before starting out the door.
at megan's side, pesh walked up the aisle.
when they reached the baptismal font, the music ended, and the priest began speaking.
he informed the crowd of what was about to take place and the significance of all the religious rites noah was about to receive.
aidan and emma made the sign of the cross on noah's forehead before megan leaned in to do the same.
when megan elbowed him, pesh reached over to clumsily follow their lead.
after he finished, he glanced at megan.
she smiled and mouthed, " good job. "
he returned her smile.
he followed through the rest of the proceedings as aidan and emma pledged to raise noah in the faith.
then it came time for him and megan to agree to stand by noah as godparents.
the priest took a fussing noah from emma's arms.
when the first trickles of water hit the base of noah's head, he cooed and kicked his arms and legs.
emma appeared relieved at how noah wasn't behaving like a possessed baby as she had feared.
" thank god he loves his baths, " aidan muttered beside pesh.
once the baptism part was finished, the priest made a final talk, and then it was over.
just as pesh sighed with relief and was looking forward to making a quick exit, aidan grabbed his arm.
" don't go anywhere.
we have to do pictures. "
inwardly, he groaned.
he wanted, no he needed, a moment alone to process his thoughts.
everything had been so overwhelming-being outside his usual world, meeting all of aidan's family, and then having the prospect of megan thrown in as well.
awkwardly, he stood around as a photographer came forward and proceeded to take several pictures of aidan, emma, and noah.
then it was just aidan and noah or emma and noah.
" okay, i need the godparents now. "
pesh smoothed down his tie and allowed the photographer to pose him in the group shot.
after they finished with the four of them, noah was handed to megan for pictures with just the godparents.
as the photographer pushed megan closer against pesh's chest, he glanced down at her.
her reassuring smile caused his heartbeat to accelerate.
for the first time, he noticed the sweet aroma of her hair as the long, blonde strands brushed against him.
he could also make out the alluring scent of her perfume.
he liked the feel of her against him a little too much.
it made him want to draw her into his embrace... maybe do other things that he shouldn't be thinking when he was in a church.
glancing over her shoulder at him, she joked, " jeez, you're like a giant standing next to me. "
" am i? "
he hadn't noticed the differences in their heights-he 'd been focusing on her too much.
she laughed.
" just a little bit.
of course, it doesn't take much for someone to make me look short. "
" you look perfect to me, " he said sincerely.
craning her neck back to look at him, she gave him a teasing grin.
" do i?
are you flirting with me, dr.
nadeen? "
he stared down at his feet, trying to avoid the heat of her stare.
he tried to hide the red flush he felt entering his cheeks.
" okay, now just with the godmother, " the photographer ordered.
reluctantly, pesh stepped away from megan.
as the flashes went off, snapping hers and noah's picture, he kept his gaze on her.
as she focused on the camera, megan's blue eyes sparkled as she stretched her face into a wide grin.
noah's tiny fingers wrapped around some of the strands of her hair, causing megan to yelp in pain.
" easy now.
i got ta keep that, " she said to noah.
" okay, that should get it, " the photographer said.
" here godfather, it's your turn, " megan said, as she handed noah to him.
by now, noah was tired of being held and tired of being ensconced in yards of lace.
he peered up at pesh before howling.
" i'm sorry, little guy, " he cooed, trying to bounce noah in his arms.
as noah continued to cry, pesh looked apologetically at the photographer.
just before he was ready to give up, megan came up and started clapping her hands and making noises at noah.
the baby instantly stopped crying.
" that's right, noah.
give me a smile, " megan urged, as she backed up to stand by the photographer.
she continued making the noises, and she even resorted to flashing one of the strands of her hair at him.
finally, noah's quivering lips broke into a grin.
" there we go, " the photographer said.
pesh quickly plastered a smile on his face.
after several flashes went off, the photographer put down his camera.
" got it. "
both noah and pesh sighed in relief.
gazing down at him, pesh asked, " bet you're ready to get home and get out of that dress, huh? "
" it's a gown, not a dress, " megan countered with a smile.
he laughed.
" regardless of what it's called, i don't think he likes it very much. "
megan brought some of the lace between her fingers.
" probably a little itchy for him. "
" did your son wear this gown? "
" no, this is aidan's gown.
mason wore my mother's, which my brothers and i also wore. "
" i see. "
" in your culture do they do anything special like this for a baby? "
pesh nodded.
" we have the namakaran, or naming ceremony.
it's sometimes held in a temple.
and like this, it's all about offering blessings to the child-family and friends coming together in support of the new baby. "
" i like it. "
they were momentarily interrupted by aidan and emma walking up.
noah immediately reached out for emma.
" such a mama's boy, " aidan muttered, which earned him a glare from emma.
he merely winked at her in response before starting down the aisle.
pesh saw megan's mother beckoning her with a wave.
" guess you need to go, " he said.
" but i 'll see you at aidan and emma's, right? "
she asked.
he swallowed hard.
" um, yes, i 'll be there. "
" good, " she replied, with an alluring smile.
she gave him a small wave before walking off to join her parents.
shaking his head, he mumbled, " this is trouble. "
chapter four when megan arrived with her parents at aidan and emma's, she was surprised to see a catering truck outside in the driveway.
her surprise continued once she got inside the house.
gazing out into the backyard, she saw where tables were set up alongside the pool.
the tables were adorned with blue and white tablecloths and glittering blue and white centerpieces.
a low whistle behind her got megan's attention.
turning around, she saw casey shaking her head.
" wow, this is one epic baptism party, " she remarked.
" it's impressive.
that's for sure, " megan agreed.
as emma breezed into the kitchen with noah in a more comfortable outfit, casey cocked her head.
" so, i was just wondering where the ice sculptures were? "
pink tinged emma's cheeks.
" i kinda got carried away.
with me not working anymore, the old marketing and pr side of me let loose.
and with my connections, i was able to get everything ridiculously discounted. "
megan smiled.
" everything looks wonderful.
you waited so long to have a baby that it makes sense you might go a little overboard. "
emma wrinkled her nose.
" i never wanted to be one of those moms who threw the over-the-top parties. "
while casey started to open her mouth, megan smacked her playfully.
" it's just catered in food, right? "
emma nodded.
" they did the tables, too. "
" then i think you're safe from being a momzilla party monster... for now. "
casey laughed.
" i 'll anxiously be awaiting noah's first birthday party. "
with a scowl, emma mumbled, " whatever. "
realizing she didn't see mason, megan quickly excused herself and went outside.
she didn't like the idea of him being close to the pool.
even with everyone around, it was still too dangerous for her liking.
just as her chest started to tighten, she saw him on her papa's lap.
the two of them sat at one of the tables underneath the shade of a massive umbrella.
several of her other younger cousins sat around them, playing on their psps and other hand-held devices.
" everything okay? "
she asked.
" we're fine, honey, " papa replied.
" let me know if he gets to be too much. "
cocking his head, papa demanded, " are you trying to say i'm old or something? "
" no, not at all.
he's a handful even for me. "
he waved her away with a hand gnarled with age and time.
" go on and enjoy yourself.
i 'll keep an eye on mason. "
she smiled and leaned down to kiss his weathered cheek.
" thanks, papa. "
he returned her smile.
" you know, while you're enjoying yourself, you might go spend a little time with the godfather. "
megan's eyes widened.
was he trying to set her up with pesh like he had with emma?
he gave her a knowing look.
" be good for both of you. "
" um, okay.
whatever, papa, " she murmured, before she turned away.
although she hated to admit it, she had been looking forward to talking to pesh again.
she had tried to kid herself that she hadn't secretly been searching the crowd for him when she was taking in all of emma's decorations.
when she did finally catch sight of him, her traitorous heart skipped a beat.
she didn't mind if her body gave a reaction, but it pissed her off that her heart was affected by him as well.
he 'd ditched his suit jacket along with his tie.
with the first button of his shirt undone, she could see a tuft of dark chest hair.
she bit her lip at the sight.
she was a sucker for chest hair.
her eyes dipped down to take in how the sleeves of his white shirt had been rolled up to his elbows, giving just a glimpse of his defined biceps.
casey had been absolutely right-he was built like a brick shithouse.
megan wanted nothing more than to get better acquainted with his body, especially with fewer clothes on him.
at the sound of emma's voice behind her, she jumped.
" ready to eat? "
emma asked.
" um, sure. "
emma gave her a puzzled look before nodding in pesh's direction.
" why don't you ask pesh to join you at aidan's and my table?
he doesn't know a lot of people, and i would hate to have him end up with the kids. "
megan quirked her brows in surprise.
" are you sure? "
" why wouldn't i be? "
with a shrug, megan replied, " i don't know.
maybe because you didn't like the idea of me getting to know him. "
emma shook her head.
" i never said i didn't want you two to get to know each other-i said i didn't want you using him for a fling. "
megan couldn't help rolling her eyes.
" the day isn't over yet.
i could still turn on my powers of seduction and lure pesh into a night of seedy passion. "
emma stared at her in shock before busting out laughing.
" seedy passion?
those words and pesh will never, ever go together in the same sentence. "
" are you saying that you and aidan have never had seedy passion? "
" aidan and pesh are not in the same league of men.
i love aidan, but he's not necessarily a gentleman.
pesh is. "
" yeah, but you're a lady, " megan protested.
" maybe in the street, but she's one hell of a freak in the bedroom, " aidan said behind them.
emma squealed before whirling around to smack him.
" people could hear you, " she admonished.
as aidan chuckled, megan shook her head.
" forget other people.
me having to hear it was painful enough. "
crossing his arms over his chest, aidan said, " i came over here to ask if we were going to eat or not?
people are getting restless.
i had no idea i was going to interrupt such an interesting conversation.
of course, i don't think i want to know why the two of you are discussing emma's and my sex life right now. "
emma waved her hand dismissively.
" we weren't.
and yes, we're ready to eat.
let's round everyone up. "
as emma walked off to call people to sit down, aidan grinned at megan before saying, " total freak. "
megan closed her eyes as if in pain.
" spare me.
please. "
" just saying.
because you never know if your gentleman might be a super freak too. "
and with a wink, he walked off to join emma, leaving megan to wonder why everyone seemed so concerned with hers and pesh's love lives.
as the sunlight started fading, most of the party guests began to trickle out the door.
by the time it was dark, it was only a few of aidan and emma's close friends left.
megan had let her parents take a sleepy mason home, vowing she wanted to stay to help emma clean up.
the truth was she wanted to spend as much time as she could with pesh.
thankfully, she found herself sitting next to him at one of the poolside tables.
somehow they managed to end up by themselves after some of the other guests had left.
leaning forward in her chair, she asked, " did you always want to be a doctor? "
pesh nodded.
" for my fifth birthday, my father bypassed the usual play doctor's kits by giving me a real medical bag with tools from the hospital.
i examined everyone who would stand still long enough, including the two dogs. "
megan laughed.
" i bet you were a cute little doctor. "
" my mother has some embarrassing pictures, " he replied, with a smile.
" so your father was also a doctor? "
" yes, he had a general medicine practice for forty years.
he just recently retired. "
" did he pressure you to follow in his footsteps? "
he grinned.
" i'm starting to feel like i'm being interrogated. "
she laughed.
" i'm sorry if you feel that way.
i'm just trying to get to know you. "
" you're certainly a very attractive interrogator, " he said.
" i think you're avoiding the question by flattering me. "
" there's flattery and then there's the truth. "
cocking her brows, she replied, " and then there's not answering my question. "
he held up his hands in defeat.
" fine, fine.
no, i didn't feel pressure to become a doctor.
my father would have never wanted me to pursue a profession where i didn't feel useful. "
megan smiled.
" so you've always had a need to help people? "
" pretty much.
as the oldest, i always looked out for my two younger brothers and sister.
my mother has always called me an old soul. "
" i can see that about you. "
leaning forward, he rested his elbows on the table.
" now it is my turn to be the interrogator. "
" okay, i don't mind. "
" what about you?
did you always see nursing in your future? "
" yes and no.
originally, i wanted to be a doctor. "
his brows shot up in surprise.
" really? "
when she nodded, he asked, " what happened? "
there was no way she was going to tell him the truth about her past and why she had been forced to abandon medical school.
instead, she shrugged.
" life happened, i guess.
i decided on the next best thing, which was nursing. "
pesh stared thoughtfully at her.
" was it your son? "
" excuse me? "
" was it your son who changed your plans about medical school? "
she shook her head.
" no, it was before i had mason. "
" does he... are you...? "
pesh shook his head.
" forgive me.
i was being too forward. "
" no, go ahead.
i told you i wasn't afraid to answer your questions. "
he grimaced.
" but it's rude to pry, and it's not my business. "
" just ask your question, " she replied.
after a resigned sigh, he finally asked, " were you married? "
" no, i'm not divorced.
and no, mason's father doesn't have anything to do with him. "
anger flashed in pesh's dark eyes.
" even though i know nothing of him, i know that he is not a man.
a man does not abandon his children and his responsibilities. "
" you would be right.
he's just a boy playing at being a man, " she replied, glancing down at the table.
when pesh took her hand in his, she jerked her head up in surprise.
in a soft voice that vibrated with empathy, he asked, " he hurt you very much, didn't he? "
as she shifted in her chair, she tried downplaying the moment by wagging her free finger at pesh.
" now you're really turning the heated questions on me, aren't you? "
he quickly released her hand.
" i apologize. "
she sighed.
" no, it's okay. "
she raked her fingers through her hair as she tried processing if she was really going to be honest with pesh.
gazing into his eyes, she didn't detect any judgment or prying-there was only compassion.
" yes, he hurt me.
he continues to hurt me each time i look at mason and realize what he's being denied. "
she jerked her chin over to where aidan cradled a sleeping noah in his arms.
as the others talked and laughed around him, aidan stared down at his son with such love in his eyes and adoration on his face that it cut a jagged hole in megan's chest.
her chin trembled as she replied, " i want that for my son. "
pesh's dark eyes pooled with empathy as he once again took her hand in his.
" it isn't the same pain, but i do know how you feel.
i experience it every time i see a husband and wife sharing a loving moment.
it drives home what i do not have... what i have lost. "
megan wiped her eyes with the back of her hand.
" emma told me about your wife.
i'm very sorry. "
" thank you, " he murmured.
nibbling her bottom lip, megan then hesitantly asked, " what was she like? "
by his raised eyebrows, pesh seemed surprised by her question.
megan hoped she hadn't stepped over a boundary in asking.
he leaned back in his chair and drew in an agonized breath.
" she was my world-the sun, the moon, and the stars. "
he met her intense gaze, checking to see if she really wanted him to continue.
after she gave a brief nod, he began to talk.
he told her how they had met and all the little attributes that jade possessed that made her special.
as megan listened to him speak with such reverence and love about his late wife, she couldn't help feeling just a little bit jealous.
she 'd never had a man possess such intense feelings for her.
she couldn't imagine ever being loved so completely by a man that not even death could lessen his feelings.
" what you had with jade, what you still feel for her, it's really beautiful, " she murmured when he finished.
pesh jerked a hand through his thick hair.
" it's interesting to hear you say that.
i think most women are turned off by what they perceive is a man who can't let go of his dead wife. "
megan shook her head.
" i don't think so.
who wouldn't be turned on by a man who feels so deeply that he didn't stop loving his wife just because she died? "
pesh's eyes widened at her statement, and he sucked in a harsh breath.
" most women don't want to share your heart, " he challenged softly.
" then they're obviously insecure.
all of us have the ability to love people in infinite capacities.
i love my son with all my heart and soul, but there will still be room for a man... someday. "
he stared at her for a moment, unblinking and unmoving.
" i have to say that i find your reasoning absolutely fascinating. "
" you do? "
" yes. "
the intensity of his gaze caused her to laugh nervously.
" i don't think a man has ever called me fascinating. "
" that's a pity. "
before she could try changing the subject, aidan came by their table with noah in his arms.
" after i put him down, i'm going to make some drinks.
emma wants one of her margaritas.
you game? "
he asked megan.
she nodded.
a drink would certainly help cool her off after the conversation she 'd been having with pesh.
" sure.
i don't think i've had one in forever. "
" neither has she.
i may be peeling her off the ceiling tonight, " he teased.
megan laughed.
" you have seriously got to stop with the innuendo.
you are my uncle, and it is mortifying and disgusting to have to think of you in that capacity. "
" i am so terribly sorry for scaring your sensitive mind. "
grinning, aidan turned to pesh.
" beer okay with you, or would you like something fruity, too? "
" i'm fine with a beer, " pesh replied.
aidan bobbed his head.
" be right back. "
after aidan headed in the house, pesh caught her staring at him.
" what? "
he asked.
" just surprised you wanted a beer, that's all. "
" and why is that? "
she shrugged.
" you just seemed a little too refined for beer. "
he tilted his head at her.
" what other preconceived notions do you have about me? "
" none really, " she lied.
in her mind, she couldn't help thinking how she wanted to make him be dirty just for her.
she wondered what other surprises he might have up his sleeve.
" for some reason, i don't believe that. "
he crossed his arms over his broad chest.
" let me guess.
you think that i'm a'refined'man who drinks wine, would never think of cussing or have inappropriate thoughts, organizes his underwear drawer, and who considers doing the crossword puzzle a fun friday night? "
megan couldn't help snorting at his summation.
it was a good distraction not to focus on how he had mentioned inappropriate thoughts and his underwear drawer.
at the moment, she was having inappropriate thoughts about his underwear... or hopefully lack thereof.
of course, she couldn't help judging him as not being the commando type.
" no, that's not what i think of you. "
" i would hope not.
i know that since i'm a little older than you- " " just a little? "
the corners of his lips turned up.
" obviously you think i'm an old man. "
" no, i don't, " she blurted.
" how old do you think i am?
just shy of adult diapers and a walker? "
she scowled at him.
" i was not insinuating that at all.
i think you're probably close to ankle's age. "
pesh's brows furrowed in confusion.
" ankle? "
she laughed before explaining where the nickname came from.
" i see.
so just how old is ankle again? "
" thirty-four. "
" hmm, " pesh murmured.
" are you younger than that? "
" older actually.
i'm thirty-seven. "
damn, he was a lot older than her.
twelve years to be exact.
" did i shock you? "
he asked, with a teasing lilt in his voice.
she shook her head.
" i 'd hardly call thirty-seven old. "
" it's considerably older than you are, right? "
" i suppose, " she lied.
he grinned at her as he leaned on the table with his elbows.
" and just how old are you? "
" twenty-five-i 'll be twenty-six in a few months. "
" twenty-five going on twenty-six. "
" yes. "
" i must be positively ancient to you. "
he held out his hand and examined it.
" i might have a liver spot or two. "
she smacked his hand playfully.
" shut up.
thirty-seven is not old. "
" see any grey hairs? "
he asked, bending over to where his delicious head of hair was in front of her face.
her fingers itched to run through the dark strands.
her mind ran straight to an illicit image of her fingers tugging on his hair as he went down on her, jerking too hard when he sucked and licked her until she came, and then stroking the damp hair back from his forehead as he rose up to cover her body with his.
she cleared her throat that had run dry.
" no, of course not. "
he jerked his head up to wink at her.
" then there's hope for me yet. "
" i would think so. "
aidan appeared then, carrying all the drinks on a tray.
" i expect a tip when you guys finish, " he teased.
" i 'll remember that, " megan replied.
after jerking his chin toward the table next to him, aidan said, " why don't you guys come over here with us? "
she fought the urge to slap him.
she was enjoying having pesh to herself.
" um, sure.
okay, " she said, reluctantly rising out of her chair.
when they changed tables, she was glad to see pesh take the empty chair beside her, rather than across from her.
once she got settled in, she wasn't lamenting her seat change too much.
between casey, and emma's other best friend, connor, the table was kept in raucous laughter.
it was good being with a group of friends.
after she had gotten pregnant, she didn't have much in common with her sorority sisters anymore.
then when she became a mom, she rarely saw anyone from her old group.
her life moved in an entirely different orbit than theirs now.
the conversation and laughter flowed as easily as the drinks.
megan found herself halfway through her second margarita when she started feeling funny.
a flush filled her cheeks at the same time she felt clammy.
as aidan came back with another beer, she asked, " did you put something different in this one? "
" yeah, we ran out of the tequila i got for the party, so i gave my favorite niece a good dose of sierra silver. "
" what? "
megan demanded.
aidan's brows furrowed behind his tipped back beer bottle.
once he swallowed, he asked, " does it taste bad? "
megan pinched her eyes shut.
the room was beginning to spin around her a little.
as she brought her hand to her forehead, she heard a smack across the room and aidan cry, " ow, dammit, em! "
" that tequila is a hundred and fifty proof alcohol, aidan, " emma chastised.
" sorry.
i didn't realize it.
i just thought it was the better stuff because it was white tequila.
that's your drink of choice, not mine. "
oh god, she was in so much trouble.
she 'd barely consumed any alcohol since she got pregnant and had mason.
now she 'd had one regular dosed margarita and almost a full one of straight alcohol.
a gentle hand landed on her thigh.
" are you all right? "
pesh asked.
she opened her eyes to see two blurry images of him staring at her with concern.
" not exactly. "
" would you like me to take you home? "
" yes, please.
while i can still walk. "
as she rose out of her chair, she swayed a little in her heels.
after taking two steps, aidan's apologetic face appeared before her.
" i'm sorry, meggie. "
" it's not your fault.
and i 'll be fine. "
she wagged a finger at him.
" but when i get shit for coming home drunk, i'm so telling mom it was your fault. "
he smiled.
" i 'll gladly take the blame and fear angie's wrath. "
he leaned in to hug her.
" thanks for today-you know, for being noah's godmother. "
" you're welcome.
thanks for me asking you. "
she shook her head.
" i mean, thanks for asking me. "
god, this was bad.
after exchanging hugs with emma and reassuring her at least twenty times that she would be fine and that she did need to go home, pesh led megan out the front door.
he slid a strong arm around her waist to steady her as they went down the porch steps.
as she staggered to the car, she moaned.
" i can't go home yet.
not like this. "
she stared up into his face.
" i can't let mason see me like this. "
he pushed a strand of hair out of her face.
" don't worry.
i 'll take you to my house then. "
" just so i can sober up? "
she questioned, although she really didn't mean it.
she wanted to go to his house for a lot more, especially after being so close to his fabulously built body.
" yes, of course.
i 'll make you some strong, black coffee. "
" thank you, " she murmured, trying to still the spinning of her head.
" you're welcome. "
always the gentleman, pesh opened the door for her, and she collapsed onto the seat.
once he made sure she was comfortable, he closed the door and went around the front of the car.
megan gazed around at the plush interior of the jaguar with its leather seats and sleek console.
after pesh slid into his seat, he put the key in the ignition and cranked up.
as they started backing out of the driveway, she glanced over at him.
" do you have to come to the rescue women of drunken. "
she shook her head.
" i mean, drunken women a lot? "
she asked.
wait, was she slurring?
he cut his eyes over at her and smiled.
he seemed to be trying really hard not to laugh at her.
" not exactly.
but i'm always happy to help a damsel in distress. "
megan giggled.
oh god, now she was giggling?
she never giggled.
she eyed pesh suspiciously.
" got a hero complex, huh?
wan na be every woman's knight in shining armor? "
" not every woman's, " he murmured.
" mmm, pesh, you wan na be my knight in shining armor? "
as soon as the words left her lips, she fought the urge to slap her hand over her mouth.
alcohol always had this effect on her-it left her completely without a sensor.
pesh's jaw clenched, and he didn't reply.
pitching her upper body over the armrest, she got as close to him as she could.
" you didn't answer my question. "
taking his eyes momentarily off the road, he pinned her with an intense gaze.
" i 'd be anything and everything you wanted me to be, if you would give me the chance. "
momentarily dumbfounded, she could only stare at him.
" oh wow, " she replied, as she collapsed back onto the seat.
the motion caused her to feel dizzy.
mumbling almost incoherently, she said, " mmm, hot as f**k and anything i want.
lucky me. "
" i have a feeling you wouldn't have asked the original question if you weren't intoxicated. "
with a snort, she replied, " drunk or sober that woulda been a helluva line to hear from a man. "
" i'm glad you think so. "
after spending a few moments in tense silence, megan leaned forward to flick on the radio.
" do you mind? "
" go ahead. "
humming along with one of the songs, she laid her head back on the seat.
" i won't hurt your ears by singing. "
" do you not sing? "
" oh, i sing, but i don't do it well.
emma's the one with the voice. "
" so i've heard. "
turning to look at him, megan asked, " did she ever sing for you? "
" sadly, no. "
megan harrumphed as she crossed her arms over her chest.
" she made out with you, but she wouldn't sing for you?
that's just rude. "
pesh made a strangled noise.
" emma told you... about us? "
" mmm, hmm. "
she grinned at him.
" i hear you're a great kisser. "
cutting his eyes over to her, he gave her a pained look.
" it really wasn't like that for us.
i mean, we weren't in love with each other. "
" yeah, that's what she said.
course, she did admit that you got her all hot and bothered. "
" s-she did? "
he stammered, embarrassment coloring his cheeks.
" hey, the ability to get a woman hot is nothing to be ashamed of.
hell, i got turned on when i first saw you today.
like my panties got wet. "
" megan, don't, " pesh warned, gripping the steering wheel to where his knuckles turned white.
turning in her seat, she eyed him before licking her lips.
" you don't want me to say how you got me hot in a church?
how you still get me hot acting all bashful about the sex talk? "
" please.
just don't. "
" fine, " she muttered, before flouncing back in her seat.
she didn't speak to him for a long time.
instead, she closed her eyes and laid back with her head cushioned on the head rest.
when the car started to slow, she snapped her eyes open.
she didn't know if she fell asleep or passed out.
sitting up, she peered out the window at the posh houses of the subdivision they were in.
as they pulled into the driveway, megan couldn't help staring up at the house.
" holy shit, this place is beautiful. "
pesh chuckled.
" thank you. "
" i know you think it's just the alcohol talking, but i'm serious.
you have great taste. "
" i hope you 'll like the inside just as much. "
" i'm sure i will. "
after he came around to open the door, she hopped out of the car a little too fast.
her wobbly legs wavered, and she ended up crashing into pesh's chest.
staring up at him, she gave an apologetic smile.
" sorry about that. "
" it's fine.
need some help? "
with the alcohol fueling her libido, she replied, " if it means having your hands on me, then sure. "
pesh grimaced, but his arm still came around her waist to steady her.
she loped along beside him.
after he unlocked the door and punched in the alarm code, she followed him inside.
her blurry vision took in the expansive kitchen with his gleaming stainless steel appliances.
she followed him as he made his way into the living room.
motioning toward the couch, he said, " why don't you have a seat while i fix you some coffee? "
while it was a nice idea to sober herself up, she didn't want any coffee.
she just wanted pesh.
grabbing the lapels of his suit coat, she pulled herself flush against him.
" when did you put this back on? "
she wondered aloud.
she felt so tiny against his massive chest.
it was a good feeling though-one of safety and protection.
it also lit her even more on fire with lust.
cocking her head, she glanced up at him to survey his expression.
even in the semi-darkness, she could see his dark eyes burning with desire.
she ran her hands up his chest to his neck.
she tugged him down to where his face was inches from hers.
fortified with liquid courage, she brought her lips to his.
she couldn't help the little moan that came from deep in her throat.
pesh's mouth was warm, soft, and inviting.
the brief connection made her want him all the more-for him to devour her.
tentatively, she slid her tongue across his bottom lip, beckoning him to open for her.
almost instantaneously, the warmth of his tongue met hers.
they slid against each other, tasting, searching, and seeking.
he gripped her face in his hands, holding her captive as his tongue plunged in and out of her mouth.
emma had been right-the man could kiss like there was no tomorrow.
he knew when to be gentle with his mouth and then when to switch to more demanding, almost conquering kisses.
if he could practically make her soak her panties with just a kiss, what the hell could he do with his dick?
as she started to feel lightheaded and weak on her legs, they stumbled over to the couch before pesh collapsed back, taking her with him.
straddling his lap, she gazed at him momentarily before his mouth attacked hers again.
as his tongue once again invaded her mouth, she began to raise her h*ps and grind against him.
groaning, he broke the kiss by throwing his head back.
he gulped in long breaths of air like he was a dying man deprived of his last breath.
she felt the same way.
she kissed a trail over his chin and down his neck.
" pesh, i want you, " she murmured into his skin.
his chest heaved up and down with her declaration as if he was finding it hard to breathe.
she broke away to stare into his eyes.
" please. "
chapter five pesh couldn't believe the delicious nightmare he found himself trapped in.
a beautiful, sexy blonde writhed against him.
the hem of megan's dress had ridden up to her hips, and a tiny scrap of lace underwear was the only thing covering her core as she rubbed herself against his crotch.
her heat and her arousal scorched through the fabric of his pants to singe the skin of his growing erection.
he wanted nothing more than to flip her on her back, tear away the underwear, and plunge himself deep inside her.
it had been so, so long since he had been within the tight walls of a woman.
while his conscious railed against him for even entertaining the thought, his body was onboard.
" please, " megan whimpered, as she continued to rise and fall over his erection.
" we can't... we shouldn't. "
she ran her hands up his chest before wrapping them around his neck.
" but i could make you feel good. "
" i'm sure you could. "
" and i know you could make me feel good, too.
i'm already drenched just kissing you. "
her fingers raked through his hair, tugging desperately on the strands.
" i need this, and you need this. "
his body was completely onboard with how much he needed her.
if she pressed any closer to him, she was going to set him off and make him do something he hadn't since he was a teenager, which was come in his pants.
but his once hazy mind was starting to refocus and overpower the desire pumping through his body.
he could not and would not take her when she was drunk.
it was completely against his character.
he 'd never taken advantage of a woman, and he never would.
he gazed into her hooded eyes.
" but it would be so very wrong. "
her lip trembled.
" don't you want me? "
" yes, without a doubt. "
" then why won't you have sex with me? "
" because you're inebriated. "
she rolled her eyes in a huff.
" you're sooo proper, aren't you?
a proper gentleman. "
he cupped her face in his hands.
" if not taking advantage of you in your state of intoxication makes me a gentleman, then i suppose i am.
what kind of man would i be to take you now only to have you wake up with regret and remorse? "
" the kind of man who wants to get laid! "
her hand dipped between them to grasp his erection, causing him to hiss.
" i feel you against me-i know you want this as much as i do. "
although the devil on his shoulder raged at him, he quickly removed megan's hand.
" believe me when i say i won't have sex with you like this.
i would never disrespect you so much as to not make love to you like you deserve. "
she blinked a few times as if she was having a hard time processing his words.
" regardless of what you have going on in that head of yours, you are better than this.
you deserve a man who will take his time with you and show you what pleasure through making love really is. "
" i've never had that, " she whispered regretfully.
he gave her a sad smile.
" i didn't think you had. "
he brushed the hair out of her face and cupped her cheek.
" if i take you, i 'll be making love to you.
i 'll have you begging and pleading, but you 'll be coming so many times you 'll lose count.
you 'll understand the difference between a quick tumble and the all-consuming power of a physical connection fueled by an emotional one. "
she rapidly blinked her blue eyes in disbelief while her cheeks flushed.
" oh god, did you actually just say that? "
" i did. "
he gave her a teasing smile.
" and you 'll be calling out my name more than his. "
" i... " she began before she quickly clamped her lips shut.
her eyes widened before she scrambled off of his lap.
before he could question her on what she was doing, she threw up all over the front of her dress.
when she wavered on her feet like she was going to collapse, pesh tumbled off the couch, reaching out for her.
grabbing both of her shoulders, he steadied her.
she glanced down at her dress before gazing back at him.
pesh's heart ached at the sight of tears pooling in her eyes.
" are you all right? "
her chin trembled before big, fat tears slid down her cheeks.
" oh god, " she whispered.
" please don't cry. "
" t-this is s-so embarrassing, " she hiccupped.
" it's okay.
you don't have to be embarrassed. "
moaning, she covered her face with her hands.
" first, i made a fool out of myself coming on to you and now i've puked in front of you like some sorority girl who can't handle her liquor. "
" stop beating yourself up.
come, let's get you cleaned up. "
he slid an arm around her waist to steady her on their way down the hall to the bedroom.
she continued to weep softly as they made their way into the bathroom.
using his free hand, he flicked on the light.
" can you stand in the shower? "
with a weak nod, she replied, " i think so. "
" if not, there's a ledge you can sit on.
let me turn on the water for you, and i 'll get you a towel. "
he propped her up against the counter before striding over to the shower.
once he felt the water was a good enough temperature, he then went over to the closet.
he pulled out a towel before returning to megan who had her head in her hands.
with his free hand, he took one of her hands and pulled it away from her face.
" please stop beating yourself up.
i hate to see you so upset. "
" i can't help it.
i'm such a fool. "
" no, if you're a fool, then so am i.
we both wanted each other. "
" but i got drunk... i never get drunk anymore. "
" it was an accident.
things like that happen. "
he cupped her chin and forced her to look at him.
" you are none of the negative things your mind is calling you right now. "
" really? "
her broken expression, coupled with her need for his reassurance, nearly crushed him.
he had to fight from taking her in his arms.
he knew if he did that, he would end up doing something he shouldn't with her.
finally, he nodded.
" but you do smell, so go on and get in the shower. "
the corners of her lips curved up in a half smile.
" do you have something i can change into?
and maybe a toothbrush? "
he nodded.
" one second. "
leaving her in the bathroom, he went back into the bedroom to his closet.
he took out a pair of scrubs he knew would be too big and too long for her and then coupled it with an emory university t-shirt.
when he got back to the bathroom, megan was struggling with the zipper at the back of her dress.
with a defeated expression, she dropped her hands.
" could you please help me? "
" of course. "
he sat the clothes down on the counter.
he then reached up to tug down the zipper.
the back of the dress gaped open, exposing her cream colored skin and navy blue lace bra and panties.
he closed his eyes to try and block out the glaring images rocketing through his mind.
his lips on her skin, his tongue licking up her spine, his hands curving around her ribcage to cup her br**sts.
he forced himself to step back.
clearing his throat, he replied, " done. "
glancing at him over her shoulder, megan gave him a weak smile.
" thank you. "
he took out a spare toothbrush from underneath the counter and placed it next to the clothes he 'd brought her.
" let me know if you need anything else. "
" okay. "
whirling around, he strode out of the bathroom.
not wanting to go too far in case megan needed him, he began pacing around the bedroom.
he momentarily faltered when he heard the shower turn off.
he waited for her to appear, but she didn't.
just as he was about to knock on the door, the whirring hum of the hairdryer started.
he continued his pacing as she dried her hair.
next, he heard the sink water turn on as she brushed her teeth.
when it was quiet once again in the bathroom, his feet froze as he stared anxiously at the bathroom door.
when it opened, pesh's breath caught.
appearing fresh-faced and clean, megan looked so beautiful as she tentatively stepped into the bedroom.
" everything okay? "
he asked.
she jumped at his voice.
" um, it's fine.
thank you again for the clothes and for letting me shower. "
" you're more than welcome.
and there's no need to thank me. "
chewing on her lip, she glanced from the bed to him.
" i texted my mother to tell her i was staying the night at emma's. "
before he could say anything, she quickly added, " thank you for putting my purse in the bathroom.
that was very thoughtful of you. "
" you're welcome, " he replied.
then he thought of her text.
" so you're staying at aidan and emma's? "
after all, the last thing he needed was to have her here-a reminder of what he couldn't have.
it would be enough to drive any man crazy.
megan shook her head.
" do you mind if i stayed here instead? "
when he started to open his mouth, she shook her head.
" i promise no funny business.
i just don't want to go home yet.
if you don't want to me to stay, you can take me to emma's. "
" of course you can stay. "
" i can sleep on the couch or in the guest room. "
he shook his head.
" you 'll sleep right here. "
he walked over to his massive king-sized bed.
he turned down the covers before glancing back at her.
" come on.
getting some rest will make you feel better. "
she eyed him hesitantly.
" i really can't take your bed.
that would be imposing. "
" i don't mind.
i promise. "
" only if you're sure? "
" i'm sure. "
tentatively, she started walking over to him, her eyes never leaving his.
she eased down onto the mattress before sliding beneath the sheets.
when she appeared comfortable, he covered her up.
as he started to go, she reached out to grab his arm.
" no, please don't go.
don't leave me alone. "
his brows shot up in surprise.
" you want me to stay with you? "
" yes, please. "
" in this bed... with you? "
when she nodded, he exhaled a ragged breath.
" megan, i don't think that's a good idea. "
" don't overthink it ; just stay with me. "
although his brain was raging war at him to make the sane and responsible decision, he replied, " give me a few minutes. "
" okay, " she replied softly.
turning, he strode into the bathroom.
he didn't bother glancing in the mirror because he was pretty sure he wouldn't like what he saw.
instead, he stripped off his suit and tie.
although he probably should have thrown on more clothes, he left his boxers on and grabbed a white shirt off the hamper.
after pulling it over his head, he went back out into the bedroom.
megan lay on her side in the bed, her face turned toward the bathroom.
her eyes were closed, but they popped open the moment he entered the bedroom.
without a word to her, he walked around the other side of the bed and climbed inside.
lying on his back, he propped one arm over his head.
his other hand rested on his chest.
he twisted his fingers into the fabric of his shirt over his heart.
somehow he wanted to still the erratic beating.
just when he thought he might be comfortable, megan turned over to face him.
" you're so far away, " she whispered.
" i thought it was for the best. "
the corners of her mouth momentarily turned down in a pout.
then she inched closer to him.
he sucked in a breath and tried not to hiss when he felt her head nuzzle against his chest.
before he could stop her, she had thrown an arm around him.
thankfully, she didn't try anything else.
and within a few minutes, her labored breathing signaled she had fallen asleep.
pesh stared up at the ceiling and willed himself to be able to go to sleep as easily.
surprisingly, as megan's soft snores echoed against his side, his eyes grew heavy.
for the first time in two years, he fell asleep with someone in his arms.
chapter six sunlight streamed across megan's face, causing her to squint her eyes tighter closed against the bright invasion.
she was warm and comfortable, and she didn't want to wake up.
but the tranquility of her morning was shattered when a soft snore came from behind her.
it was far too deep to be one of mason's.
panic prickled its way up her skin.
where am i?
her eyes frantically scanned the room.
overcome by both masculine decor and smells, she realized she was in a man's bedroom, or more importantly a man's bed.
she hadn't woken up this dazed and confused since she got hammered for the first time.
she couldn't even remember what day it was.
this was bad.
very, very bad.
she had to get out of there and get home to mason.
what kind of mother was she to wake up in a strange man's bed?
as she tried to roll over, she found herself entrapped by a strong arm wrapped around her waist.
her gaze flicked down to the tan, muscled arm.
who the hell did that belong to?
a whimper escaped her lips.
oh god, had she actually slept with a man she had no memory of?
never in her life had she made such a mistake as that.
nausea overcame her, and she knew she needed to get out of bed and into the bathroom.
she shoved herself so hard away from the person that she ended up elbowing him in the ribs.
he groaned.
" oh, i'm sorry.
i didn't mean to hurt you, " she quickly apologized.
" it's okay, megan, " he murmured drowsily.
that voice.
it took only a second for her to register who she was in bed with.
and with that realization, everything from the night before came crashing down on her.
she had accidentally gotten drunk off her ass, pesh had taken her to his house to sober up, and then... oh god, she had come on to him like a brazen floozy.
she buried her head in her hands and moaned.
" hey, how do you feel this morning? "
he asked.
" like i've been run over by a truck. "
" want me to fix you a good hangover cure? "
she peeked at him through her fingers.
" you actually know a hangover cure? "
he smiled.
" you think someone like me has never been drunk? "
when she bobbed her head, he laughed.
" i'm sorry to disappoint you, but there have been many, many times i've woken up just as you are now. "
" that's hard to imagine. "
she gazed down at the scrubs and t-shirt she was in.
although she doubted it, she couldn't help but ask.
" did we... " " no, we didn't. "
she arched her brows in surprise.
" if we didn't sleep together, then why did you... i mean, why are you in bed with me? "
" because you begged me to stay. "
she gasped in horror.
wasn't it enough that she had thrown herself so wantonly at him, but now she 'd begged him to stay with her?
" i did? "
he nodded.
" you said you didn't want to be alone. "
vaguely she remembered pleading with him to lie close to her.
what a nightmare.
" i'm so sorry. "
" don't apologize. "
when she started to protest, he held up a hand.
" i have to admit it was nice being in bed with someone again-feeling their warmth, the softness of their body as they lay beside you. "
he swallowed hard.
" i've missed that more than i knew. "
overcome with the emotions threatening to overtake her, megan didn't know what to say.
all she knew is she needed to get out of there.
" i need to get home... or to emma's.
i can't let my parents think i stayed out all night with a man i just met. "
" i understand.
i wouldn't dream of compromising your reputation. "
she stared at him for a moment.
sometimes the way he spoke made it seem like he was from a different world or time period.
" i, uh, i need to use the bathroom. "
" go ahead. "
tumbling out of the covers, she then streaked across the room.
once she closed the door behind her, she exhaled the breath she 'd been holding.
she made it to the toilet just in time to throw up again.
she wondered after doing the same thing the night before how there was anything left in her stomach to empty.
once she finished, she leaned over the sink, pooling water in her hand before bringing it to her mouth.
after gargling to rid herself of the nasty taste, she eventually dug under the counter for some mouthwash, and then brushed her teeth.
without a hairbrush or comb, she did her best to tame her out-of-control hair.
once she surmised that she looked presentable enough to face the firing squad, aka aidan and emma, she left the bathroom.
pesh had thrown on some clothes and stood in the middle of the room.
he raised his brows expectantly at her.
" i'm ready to go now. "
" of course. "
when she started for the bedroom door, she abruptly stopped.
" wait, my dress? "
" i 'll send it out to be dry cleaned. "
" oh, " she murmured.
" thank you. "
in silence, they made their way through the house.
megan tried not to be so obvious as she took in the high ceilings of the living room, the floor to ceiling windows that overlooked a large, spacious yard.
pesh had an amazing house-one that was far too big for just him.
it certainly was made for a family-the one he sadly didn't have.
as he started to open the door leading out to the garage for her, pesh stopped and turned around.
staring intently at her, he said, " i 'd like to see you again. "
megan couldn't help the shocked gasp that escaped her lips.
she 'd made a repeated fool out of herself the night before, and he still wanted to see her?
" you can't be serious. "
" i am. "
she gave a slight jerk of her head.
" i don't think that is a good idea. "
" but why? "
he countered sincerely.
with a contemptuous snort, she replied, " isn't it obvious? "
" if you're alluding to the fact you accidentally got drunk last night and then became ill, that has little relevance to me.
accidents happen, and i'm man enough to realize that. "
he closed the gap between them.
" i liked being with you yesterday. "
remembering what emma had said, megan couldn't help asking, " you want to date me, don't you? "
" yes of course.
what else would i want to do? "
when she replied, " have sex, " a flush entered his cheeks.
" that is not what i meant. "
" and that's a pity. "
his brows furrowed.
" whatever do you mean? "
" you and i... we want different things.
you want to date and get married again, right? "
" yes, that is something i desire very much. "
she shook her head.
" but i don't want to be in a serious relationship right now with you or anyone for that matter.
i'm certainly not ready to get married anytime soon.
i just wanted to have some fun with someone. "
pesh frowned.
" i don't think i understand. "
" what i want from you is the same thing i wanted last night.
just sex, " she answered honestly.
" you don't want to date me... you only want to have sex with me? "
if the situation hadn't been so dire, megan might've laughed at the horrified expression on pesh's face.
he appeared absolutely floored that she could ever think of only using him as a sex toy.
finally, when she gathered herself together, she shook her head.
" i'm sorry, but that's the way i feel. "
she braced herself for some sort of wrath out of him or even a lecture.
what he did was even more surprising.
he gave her a sad smile.
" and i'm sorry you feel that way because i would have really enjoyed getting to know you better. "
without another word, he opened the door.
always the gentleman, he waited for her to go through first.
tucking her head to her chest, she bypassed him to walk to the car.
once again, he appeared to open the car door for her.
" thank you, " she murmured.
he nodded before walking around the front of the car.
without another word to her, pesh cranked up, and then began backing down the driveway.
the ride to aidan and emma's was only twenty minutes, but it seemed to take an eternity.
the painful silence hung heavy around her.
pesh didn't look at her.
instead, he kept his gaze firmly on the road ahead of them.
when he pulled into aidan and emma's driveway, megan felt her stomach clench.
she wished there was some way to make things right between them.
but she had a feeling she had gone too far and said too much.
as he put the car in park, he turned to look at her.
" thank you for the ride, " she said.
" you're welcome.
it was my pleasure. "
" most of all, i want to thank you for taking care of me last night.
you truly went above and beyond.
i can never thank you enough. "
" you don't have to thank me.
i'm glad i was able to help you. "
nibbling on her bottom lip, she finally allowed herself to say what she was holding back on.
" i wish things could be different, " she said softly.
when she dared herself to look at him, she found him staring intently at her.
" i'm sorry, too.
take care of yourself.
okay? "
she bobbed her head.
" the same to you. "
with trembling hands, she fumbled for the door handle.
when she was finally able to open the door, she stumbled out onto the pavement.
as she made her way up the driveway, she could feel pesh's eyes on her.
the car remained parked as she climbed the porch steps and rang the doorbell.
she hoped that noah was already up, and she wasn't waking the household.
aidan threw open the door.
" megan?
what the hell? "
he asked.
his question and concern caused her to burst into tears.
" why are you crying? "
aidan demanded.
" it's a long story. "
he glanced from her out the door to pesh's car.
his expression darkened.
" did pesh hurt you? "
" no!
of course not. "
" if he's made you cry, i don't care whether he's noah's godfather or not.
i 'll punch his lights out! "
she grabbed his arm.
" stop it, ankle!
it's not him, it's me.
it's all my fault.
okay? "
he stared at her in surprise.
" what happened? "
" give me some coffee and a chance to calm down, and then i 'll tell you everything. "
although his expression was skeptical, aidan nodded, and then started to close the door.
megan stole one last glance of pesh as his car started reversing down the driveway.
she hoped for her sake and his it was the last time she would have to see him.
chapter seven megan nervously tapped her thumbs on the steering wheel of her car.
her clinical placement had come through, and she was now on her way to make her introductions to her preceptor, the nurse who would supervise her.
although she had initially been disappointed in not receiving grady, she was still excited to be doing the last part of the journey to becoming a nurse.
she was also grateful she hadn't received the night shift that some of her fellow nursing students had.
she would have rarely been able to see mason if she had to sleep during the day and work at night.
she pulled into the parking lot of the wellstar er and eased into the first space she found.
after turning off the car, she grabbed her folder of paperwork along with her purse and headed inside.
she stopped at the front desk.
" i'm not a patient.
i'm a clinical student here to see kristi parkman. "
" go on through, " the receptionist said, before she buzzed open the authorized personnel only door.
breezing inside the heart of the er, megan couldn't help feeling excited.
she couldn't wait until she got her feet wet by working with patients.
glancing around, she wasn't exactly sure how she was going to find the preceptor.
she stopped at an area teaming with nurses.
" can i help you? "
one of them asked.
" yes, i'm here to see kristi parkman. "
a tall blonde woman in her fifties came over to her with a beaming smile.
" you must be ms.
mckenzie? "
" i am. "
" it's so nice to meet you. "
megan smiled.
" it's nice meeting you, too. "
" we're so very glad to have you.
i've taken a look at your transcript, and it's quite impressive. "
" thank you, " megan replied.
" why don't i show you around today?
that way you 'll be ready to go with the flow tomorrow. "
" sounds good. "
with a smile, kristi led her around the maze of rooms.
she pointed out where the medicine room was, the trauma area, and where she would find the break room.
each time they passed a nurse or a doctor, kristi was quick to introduce megan.
" everyone seems very friendly, " megan mused.
" it really is a great place to work.
now, i'm not going to lie that some of the residents can be real ass**les.
but we're so lucky to have a supervisor who is such a sweetheart. "
" that's wonderful. "
" yes, everyone loves dr.
nadeen. "
megan's heartbeat slowed to a standstill.
nadeen.
no, it couldn't be.
surely there were more doctors with that last name.
searching her mind, she tried desperately to remember where he said he worked.
" oh good, he's just down the hall.
let me introduce you two. "
" no, that's really isn't necessary, " megan protested feebly.
ignoring her, kristi called, " dr. nadeen, come meet our newest nursing candidate. "
the moment he turned around, megan felt like she was going to throw up.
after spending two months trying hard to forget about her infamous night with pesh nadeen, there he was right in front of her.
she couldn't help having the classic line from casablanca flash in her head, " out of all the gin joints in all the world, she had to walk into mine. "
she certainly felt that way about all the hospitals she could have possibly been assigned to, she had to be assigned to his.
the shock and surprise registered on his face as well.
he was quick to mask it by smiling warmly at her.
" hello again, megan. "
kristi's brows shot up at the familiarity of pesh's greeting.
" you know each other? "
" um, well, " megan began.
how was she going to explain?
the last thing she needed was to get off on the wrong foot with her coworkers.
pesh nodded.
" she and i share a godson. "
" oh how wonderful. "
kristi patted megan's back.
" what luck for you then ending up here out of all the hospitals? "
" yes, what luck, " megan murmured.
kristi smiled.
" well, i 'll let you two catch up for a minute or two. "
" no, that's okay.
you don't have to do that, " megan protested.
waving her hand dismissively, kristi said, " it gives me a chance to go grab a snack and something to drink.
be back in a few, and we 'll finish the tour. "
megan fought the urge to run after kristi as she walked off.
instead, she turned back to pesh who was staring expectantly at her.
" you don't exactly look happy to see me, " pesh said.
she shook her head wildly.
" how could i be?
the man, who i completely made an ass out of myself in front of, is at the hospital where i'm doing my clinicals.
that doesn't exactly make my day. "
" for the last time, you have nothing to be embarrassed about. "
" sorry, but that does not make me feel any better, " she grumbled.
" what can i do to put you at ease about working with me? "
rubbing her now aching head, she replied, " i don't know.
if i thought it wouldn't make me look bad, i 'd request a transfer. "
" i offend you that much? "
pesh asked.
as she gazed up at him, his expression was wounded.
" no, no, you don't offend me.
it's just that... " she chewed mercilessly on her bottom lip before she continued.
after taking a ragged breath, she replied, " it's just that for the past two years, i had pretty good control of my life.
the night i was with you, i let all that control crumble.
by getting drunk, i became someone else-someone i used to be.
the girl, or woman, who would do anything to get a man's attention.
i don't like that person very much, and i don't ever want to go back there.
seeing you just makes me remember all of that. "
megan couldn't help being surprised by how honest she 'd been able to be with him.
pesh remained silent for a moment.
his dark eyes bore into hers.
" i am sorry that you reflect so negatively on the night we were together.
for me, it was not marred by drinking or you getting sick.
i enjoyed spending time with you and getting to know you. "
he swallowed hard.
" i enjoyed waking up with you.
i would give anything for you to be able to look at me without having to feel bad about yourself. "
" you really enjoyed being with me that night? "
he nodded.
" when i told you i wanted to see you again, i was serious. "
she sighed.
" that's very sweet of you, but i haven't changed my mind about dating. "
" you haven't? "
with a shake of her head, she replied, " i have too much going on in my life right now to get involved with someone.
it wouldn't be fair to them... to you.
especially since we still want very different things from each other. "
" i see, " he replied.
megan noticed the sadness that darkened his expression.
" i'm sorry, " she murmured.
" you have nothing to regret.
any grief i'm experiencing is once again my fault. "
he gave her a rueful smile.
" i seem to keep falling for women who aren't meant for me. "
she sucked in a harsh breath at his words.
" falling?
you are... you were falling for me? "
pesh opened his mouth to reply, but at the sound of kristi coming back from the break room, he shut it.
closing the gap between them, he whispered, " don't worry about working with me, megan.
we 'll always be friends, and i will respect your wishes and your distance. "
for some reason, his words had the opposite effect they should have, and regret ricocheted through her.
finally, she managed to say, " thank you.
i appreciate that. "
with a smile, he then turned and walked away.
she heaved a painful breath as kristi walked up to her.
" such a sweetheart, isn't he? "
" yes, he is, " megan murmured.
" not bad on the eyes either. "
a nervous giggle escaped megan's lips.
" no, he's not. "
" i swear that half of the women here in the er act like they're in heat whenever he comes around. "
kristi fanned herself.
" i mean, that body, those eyes, and those dimples.
lord, if i wasn't a happily married woman, what i wouldn't want to do to that man! "
megan knew exactly what kristi meant.
unfortunately, she was never going to get the chance to experience it for herself.
somehow she 'd managed to find the only man left in the world who wouldn't partake in just a sexual relationship.
no, pesh had to want more than she was willing to give.
" did you hear what i said? "
kristi asked.
megan snapped her gaze from pesh's retreating form back to face kristi.
" i'm sorry what? "
kristi laughed.
" oh no, i'm about to lose another one to dr. nadeen's charms, huh? "
shaking her head wildly, megan replied, " no, no, we're just friends-i don't feel anything like that for him. "
kristi winked.
" yeah, just keep telling yourself that, honey. "
chapter eight as pesh exited one of the exam rooms, he saw megan sitting on a stool at the counter, working on a chart.
when the door shut behind him, she jerked her head up and caught him staring.
he cleared his throat and walked over to her.
" hello, " he said, pleasantly.
" hi. "
" so, are you settling in? "
she nodded.
" everyone has been so nice and helpful. "
" good.
i'm glad to hear that.
we usually have very good success rates with our clinical candidates. "
megan smiled before her head dipped back down to work on the chart.
nervously, he scratched the back of his neck.
things were rolling along with them now that he knew he shouldn't try to rock the boat.
after all, he had promised her he would keep his distance.
but he couldn't help himself.
in the two months since their first encounter, he hadn't stopped thinking about her.
now that she had shown back up in his life so out of the blue, he couldn't help feeling that it was fated.
ask her to dinner, his mind shouted.
he bit down on his lip to keep the question he was burning to ask from escaping his mouth.
finally, it rushed forth before he could stop himself.
" why don't you let me buy you dinner after work? "
megan's scribbling pen stilled on the chart.
she glanced up and cocked her head at him.
" dinner implies a date, and i thought we were clear on that. "
he gave her a nervous smile.
" well, i was only offering some less palatable cafeteria food.
i hardly think that constitutes a date. "
" in my realm of dating consciousness, any time you sit down at a table while eating and drinking together, it is a date. "
crossing his arms over his chest, he countered, " if that were true, it would mean you were dating your father and brother every time you sat down together.
i know your family is close, but i don't believe they're that close. "
megan's brows rose.
" oh, is the good doctor cracking jokes now? "
" perhaps. "
the corners of megan's lips turned up.
" then what exactly would you consider a date? "
pesh leaned back against the wall, surmising her teasing smile.
" a mutually agreed upon event. "
" you're so proper, " megan teased.
he rolled his eyes at her, something he rarely did until he began spending more and more time in her presence.
" and you're avoiding the initial question. "
megan put down the pen and chart and crossed her arms over her chest.
" so, if you could take me on a date, where would we go? "
pesh rubbed his jaw in thought.
" well, if would have to be something you would want to do, but i would begin with dinner. "
when she started to protest, he held up his hand.
" somewhere that was romantic with candlelight and soft music-perhaps a place where we could dance in between courses. "
staring at him in surprise, megan replied, " you're serious? "
" of course. "
she slowly shook her head back and forth.
" okay, go on. "
" once we finished wine and dessert, i would then want to take you somewhere you've never been- " " like your bedroom? "
megan interjected with a smirk.
" i do believe you've already been there before. "
the teasing faded from megan's expression, and a flush entered her cheeks.
" may i continue? "
" yeah, " she murmured.
" i would want to be with you to experience something you never have before-an art gallery, an opera, a musical.
anything that would bring wonderment and excitement to your face. "
he gave her a small smile.
" and it would mean all the more that i was getting to share it with you. "
he watched with almost mild amusement as she processed his words.
most likely she had never had a man speak to her the way he was, and it was certainly affecting her.
feeling like it was time to go in for the kill, he asked once again, " so, will you have dinner with me? "
pesh leaned forward expectantly as megan opened her mouth.
they were interrupted by the sound of emma's voice.
" oh thank god.
i'm so glad you two are on. "
her anxious tone was the only thing that could have torn pesh's attention away from megan.
he glanced from emma to aidan, who was grimacing and rubbing his head.
" what happened? "
emma replied, " he fell and hit his head, " at the same time aidan grunted, " nothing. "
megan stepped forward and went over to aidan.
she gasped as she surveyed him.
" ankle, your pupils are huge! "
pesh took his penlight out of his coat pocket and went to aidan.
as he flashed the light into aidan's eyes, he grimaced.
" yeah, they are.
what exactly happened? "
he made sure to direct his question to emma since she appeared to be the only one being honest.
" we were at my ob's for our first ultrasound. "
pesh's eyes widened.
" ultrasound... you're pregnant? "
" again? "
megan questioned by his side.
the concern for aidan on emma's face washed away and was replaced with a beaming smile.
" yes, i'm eight weeks. "
" why didn't you say something at dinner sunday? "
megan asked.
" well, i only found out two weeks ago, and we wanted to wait to tell everyone until we had the first ultrasound. "
megan's blonde brows creased.
" so what does the ultrasound have to do with ankle hitting his head? "
emma pursed her lips and cut her gaze over to aidan.
" would you like to tell them? "
when he shook his head and then winced, emma sighed.
" when they hooked me up to the fetal monitor, they thought they heard two heartbeats.
at the word 'twins ', aidan passed out and hit his head on the counter and the floor. "
while pesh quickly turned a laugh into a cough, megan wasn't so tactful.
she burst out laughing.
" you seriously passed out during the ultrasound? "
aidan scowled at her.
" in my defense, it wasn't quite the ultrasound yet. "
at megan's continued laughter, he shrugged.
" it was pretty mind-blowing news. "
" oh ankle, honestly. "
aidan turned to pesh.
" so am i going to stand around all day getting shit, or are you going to examine me? "
pesh nodded.
" of course.
your pupils are definitely a matter of concern. "
glancing at emma, aidan said, " just wait for me here. "
" okay. "
pesh motioned for aidan to go into the first examining room.
as soon as the door closed behind him, aidan lunged for him, grabbing the lapels of his white coat.
" i need a vasectomy.
today. "
pesh fought the urge to laugh at the absurdity of the situation as well as aidan's desperation.
" okay, let's get you to sit down.
you've obviously been through a lot of trauma in the last hour. "
aidan plopped onto the examining table.
he buried his head in his hands and groaned.
" what a f**king nightmare of a day. "
" does your head hurt? "
pesh asked.
" a little. "
" any nausea? "
" maybe. "
pesh furrowed his brows.
" what do you mean, maybe? "
aidan raised his head.
" if you're asking if i'm nauseated now, the answer would be no.
i'm not.
but on the other hand, if you're asking if i get nauseous thinking about the fact that emma could have been pregnant with twins, and i would have had three kids under two and in diapers... " aidan shuddered.
" then yeah, i get really f**king nauseous, and the room starts to spin a little. "
easing down on his stool, he rolled over to aidan.
" take a deep breath for me, okay? "
aidan's chest expanded as he inhaled and exhaled.
" again, " pesh instructed.
after a few cleansing breaths, pesh cocked his head at aidan.
" better? "
" yeah, a little, " aidan croaked.
he jerked his hand through his hair.
" are you going to get me a referral for a vasectomy? "
pesh held up his hand.
" i'm confused.
if you know that emma isn't having twins, why do you want to have a vasectomy? "
" because twins run on both sides of our families.
pop was a twin, and emma's uncles are twins.
it's like we have a genetic bull's-eye hovering over us.
we can barely be in the same room without conceiving, so it's just inevitable that she 'll get pregnant again, and then i 'll have four kids... maybe even five. "
aidan swallowed hard as some of the color drained from his face.
" i can't be a baby making machine. "
" actually, most recent studies still conclude that identical twins can happen to anyone, whereas, fraternal twins are the result of the mother producing two eggs in a single cycle.
this tendency to create multiple eggs is passed from mother to child.
given that emma doesn't have a non-identical twin, you are fairly safe. "
aidan tilted his head, his expression one of confusion.
" so you're saying i don't have to worry about that? "
" without knowing emma's full genetic history, i couldn't say, but it sounds like a no-at least for fraternal twins. "
after processing pesh's words, aidan shook his head.
" like it really matters about the twins.
we're still way too fertile together.
i need to stop this before it gets out of hand. "
" and what does emma think about all of this? "
a red flush entered aidan's cheeks.
" um, well, i haven't actually mentioned it to her. "
" you don't think your wife needs to know about such a life-altering decision? "
" well, of course i 'd tell her before i went in for the surgery. "
as pesh crossed his arms over his chest, he couldn't help wondering just how hard aidan had been hit in the head.
" you can not seriously be sitting there saying that. "
aidan stared at pesh for a moment before he groaned.
" oh man, i'm being a giant, selfish tool about this, aren't i? "
pesh smiled.
" pretty much. "
aidan rubbed his hand over his eyes.
" it's just... being a father is f**king scary sometimes.
i worry about noah constantly, and now there's another baby in the mix.
plus, another baby means more time taken away from emma. "
he gave a weak smile.
" i love her so much.
sometimes... i just can't get enough of her, and i don't want to share. "
" i think that's a perfectly normal feeling. "
aidan shook his head.
" it makes me sound like a selfish bastard.
i mean, who is jealous of their kid for taking their wife's time? "
" a lot of men.
so stop beating yourself up over what you're feeling.
most of all, don't bottle it up.
talk to emma. "
aidan's blue eyes widened as he shook his head furiously back and forth.
" oh hell no, i don't want her thinking badly of me. "
" she won't.
emma always appreciates honesty. "
" about me being jealous of her time with our kids?
i'm pretty sure she would not want me being honest about that. "
" what has emma always said is the most important thing in a relationship? "
" trust. "
pesh nodded.
" so how are you building her trust by lying to her about your feelings? "
aidan's blonde brows furrowed.
" so i should just tell her i'm afraid of losing her and that i want us to maximize our time together? "
" i would think so.
i don't think any woman could get angry hearing her husband say how much he loves her and wants to be with her. "
aidan appeared thoughtful.
" i guess you're right. "
pesh smiled as he patted aidan's shoulder reassuringly.
" you're doing a wonderful job being a father.
i'm sure you 'll do just as well with a second and maybe even a third child. "
at the mention of a third child, aidan swallowed hard, his adam's apple bobbing up and down.
" i don't mind a third kid... just not now.
maybe in a couple of years. "
he glanced up and smiled at pesh.
" but thanks for the vote of confidence on me being a father. "
" i just call it as i see it. "
" i appreciate that. "
" how about i check on your head now? "
aidan nodded.
" okay. "
pesh started feeling for unusual lumps and bumps on aidan's head.
" hmm, i don't feel anything abnormal.
but just to be on the safe side, i want you to have a ct scan to rule out concussion or any brain bleeds. "
" jesus, i could have all of that from just hitting my head? "
" you would be surprised.
let me go call in the order, and they 'll come take you back.
hopefully you won't have too long a wait.
we're usually slower during the afternoons when the doctors'offices and imaging centers are open. "
as he started for the door, aidan stopped him.
" hey, man, with all the craziness, i almost forgot to ask how is megan doing with her placement? "
pesh didn't have to think twice before responding, " she is going to make an incredible nurse. "
aidan grinned.
" i'm glad to hear it.
not that i ever doubted her abilities.
it's just good to hear her praises sung by a doctor. "
popping pesh on the chest teasingly with his hand, aidan asked, " how's it going between you and megan? "
pesh almost laughed out loud at aidan's forthrightness.
it was not in his nature to be so blunt, and after megan turning him down yet again, he wasn't really sure how to answer.
" i truly respect and admire megan. "
he considered that the most diplomatic way to answer her uncle's enquiry.
despite feeling glad that he obviously had earned his friend's respect, he wouldn't say anything untoward about megan in front of him.
it is her business who she did or didn't date.
" that's not what i meant. "
" i didn't imagine it was. "
aidan eyed him before saying, " look i know you got off to a rocky start, but it's not hopeless.
are you planning on asking her out? "
" you're not letting this go, are you? "
" nope.
not a chance. "
pesh shoved his hands into his lab coat.
" i have asked megan to accompany me on a date, but at this point, we are at a stalemate.
but, i am not planning on giving up anytime soon.
does that satisfy your inquisition? "
aidan laughed, but then his brows furrowed.
" what do you mean?
you two looked pretty cozy and comfortable together when we walked up. "
with a regretful shake of his head, pesh replied, " she doesn't want to date me. "
" i call bullshit.
i may have been bonked in the head, but no one could deny the way she was looking at you.
maybe if you- " although it was against his character, he let his anger override his better judgment.
" she wants me for sex but not for a relationship, okay? "
aidan's mouth gaped open.
" you mean, she's acting like... a dude? "
" if you mean that she has pretty much refused to go to dinner with me or any other honorable event that a man and woman can partake in on a date, and instead, she would rather pursue a strictly physical relationship, then the answer is yes. "
" my god, it's like she's turned into the old me, " aidan muttered.
he ran his hand over his face before he looked at pesh again.
" i'm so sorry. "
with a shrug, pesh replied, " she's still very young.
i suppose in her eyes, she's been deprived of fun the last two years.
this is a way for her to make up for that.
regardless if we agree or understand it. "
" well, i still call bullshit on the whole thing. "
he gave pesh a long, hard stare.
" you have to keep trying, no matter what. "
" i didn't say i was giving up, did i? "
" no, but i know from personal experience how hard it is to keep trying when it feels like you aren't winning. "
" what occurred with you and emma is totally different than with megan and me. "
" you still have to try. "
aidan hopped off the examining table and wobbled for a moment on unsteady legs.
" megan has been hurt before, and i don't think she really knows what it is to be loved.
not deeply where her needs were considered.
hell, she was only twenty-three when she got knocked up.
i want her to find someone who will cherish her, man.
i want my girl cared for. "
he patted pesh's shoulder.
" i think that someone could be you. "
" we 'll see. "
when aidan started to argue, pesh shook his head.
" time to see about your head. "
" whatever, " aidan mumbled.
when pesh opened the door for aidan, emma and megan stared expectantly at them.
" so what's the verdict? "
megan asked.
" i think he's going to be just fine, but to be on the safe side, i've ordered him a ct scan. "
emma's eyes widened in fear.
" you think he has some brain injury from the fall? "
she asked in a panicky voice.
pesh smiled to try and put her at ease.
" i don't think there's anything wrong besides a slight bump on the head, but i want to make sure there is nothing wrong with him. "
" okay then, " emma replied.
an orderly appeared with a wheelchair to escort aidan to his scan.
before he sat down, aidan leaned over to kiss emma.
" i'm fine, babe.
stop worrying.
it isn't good for you or the baby. "
she gave him a weak smile.
" i 'll try hard not to. "
he winked at her before collapsing down in the wheelchair.
" nothing can keep me down-you should know that by now. "
megan snorted.
" at least we know the bump didn't do anything to your ego. "
" of course not, " emma agreed.
kristi poked her head out of one of the examining rooms.
" dr. nadeen, i need you. "
he nodded before turning to megan.
" why don't you show emma to one of the family waiting rooms? "
" sure, " megan replied.
emma reached up to hug him.
" thanks for taking care of aidan. "
" it was my pleasure. "
he gave them a final wave before disappearing into the waiting patient's room.
but after talking to aidan, he definitely had a little more determined bounce in his step.
chapter nine two days later when megan came in for a later shift, she found the emergency room in a state of chaos.
" whoa, what happened? "
she asked kristi, after she 'd clocked in and put away her things.
kristi rolled her eyes.
" every month or so we seem to have a day where everything is madness from start to finish.
you can never anticipate it-you kinda just have to go with the flow. "
she grinned at megan.
" so get ready to be on your toes today. "
megan laughed.
" okay, sounds good. "
as they started working their way through patients, things continued to escalate into overwhelming territory for megan.
kristi seemed to be experiencing the same feeling since the tops of her cheeks had a shine of perspiration beads on them.
the moment they finished with one patient and disinfected the room, another patient was waiting to enter it.
megan followed behind kristi as she went to poke her head in to the registration area.
" hey janet, could you not call anyone else back?
we're getting swamped. "
janet shook her head.
" it's just as crazy out in the waiting room.
like we're almost overflowing. "
kristi rolled her eyes.
" fabulous.
it's probably another full moon, which makes things absolutely insane. "
she turned back to megan.
" listen, since we're so swamped, can you take the man in exam b? "
megan couldn't help her eyes from widening.
" really?
on my own? "
kristi smiled before patting megan's hand.
" i've seen you in action the last week.
i have faith in you. "
" okay, if you're sure. "
" i'm positive. "
megan couldn't contain her smile.
" thank you. "
taking her ipad, she flipped open the registration details on the patient awaiting her.
when she pushed open the door, she eyed the man on the examining table.
" good evening mr. robertson, i'm megan.
what- " before she could even get out the standard " what seems to be the problem? "
question, the man started shaking his head furiously.
" no, no.
i won't let you examine me.
i want a doctor.
a male doctor.
you understand? "
" sir, i understand, but i have to follow protocol, which is to ascertain your issues before the doctor comes in.
i see on the chart that you're experiencing some abdominal swelling? "
he refused to meet her eye.
instead, he gazed over at the wall before holding up one finger to her.
" i meant what i said.
i demand to see a male doctor. "
" yes, but we're very backed up this afternoon.
i'm not sure how long it will be before you are able to see a doctor, least of all a male doctor. "
when it appeared the man's resolve was fading a little, megan took a tentative step forward.
" please, if you would just let me take a look at your abdomen. "
" it isn't my stomach, " he mumbled.
" then what is it? "
when he didn't respond, she sighed with frustration.
" mr. robertson, you can not ignore abdominal swelling.
it can stem from many issues and have many repercussions. "
he shifted uncomfortably on the table.
just when she thought she was making headway with him, he threw his head back and began screaming at the top of his lungs.
" get me a male doctor! "
megan rolled her eyes.
the first time she had the chance to see a patient on her own, and he had to be a stark raving lunatic.
refusing to give into him or accept defeat, she stalked over to him.
she was going to exam his sexist ass if it was the last thing she did.
" keep screaming, and i 'll call security, " she warned before snatching the sheet off him.
his screams cut off to a shriek as he clawed for the sheet, but the damage was done.
she had seen more than enough.
" oh.
my.
god, " she murmured.
she gazed wide-eyed and open-mouthed at what had to be the poster child picture to go along with the warning labels on viagra and cialis for four-hour erections.
" that's going to have to be aspirated. "
" excuse me? "
he demanded.
she cocked her head at him.
" the excessive blood in your penis? "
he nodded.
" it's not just going to go away on its own.
it has to be aspirated, which means drained out. "
mr. robertson swallowed hard.
" like with a needle? "
" yes, with a very large needle. "
when he started to protest, she brought her hand up.
" lucky for you, i can not do the procedure-it is to be handled strictly by a doctor. "
" a male? "
" if it came to your penis exploding from the pressure by waiting for a male doctor, would you seriously be that picky? "
his blue eyes widened in horror.
" yeah, i thought so.
i 'll be back. "
when she whirled out of the room, she ran right into the last person she wanted to have to deal with at the moment.
" i'm so sorry.
are you all right? "
pesh asked.
" i'm fine. "
he smiled down at her.
" doing some patient evaluations on your own?
that's wonderful. "
" um, well, yes and no. "
his brows knitted in concern.
" what's wrong? "
she couldn't imagine telling pesh about mr. robertson's condition.
the last thing she was going to do was refer the case to him.
draining an engorged penis should be left to the interns, not an attending physician.
" oh, it's nothing.
he's just a little demanding. "
at that moment, the door to the exam room flew open.
mr. robertson stood hunched over, his legs an almost painful distance apart.
he took one look at pesh and his white coat, and he lunged at him.
" help me.
please! "
although it was strictly against the nursing code, she would have loved nothing more than to have throttled mr. robertson right then and there.
pesh grasped mr. robertson's hands on his coat and pulled them down.
" sir, you need to get back inside.
as unsteady as you are, you certainly do not need to be on your feet. "
as pesh led mr. robertson back to the examining table, megan reluctantly followed them inside the room and closed the door.
" what seems to be the problem? "
mr. robertson glanced from pesh to megan and then back to pesh.
with a sheepish expression, he replied.
" um, i seem to be having some lower abdominal swelling. "
megan had to fight from rolling her eyes.
she stepped between pesh and mr. robertson and looked pesh full on in the eye.
" while the patient refuses to acknowledge his condition, it appears after examination that he has an extreme priapism. "
at the word, color flooded into pesh's tan cheeks, and he broke eye contact to momentarily stare down at the floor.
his reaction was exactly what megan had feared she would experience in the moment.
she had hardly imagined his level of professionalism would allow him to be embarrassed about a medical condition.
but of course, their past interactions made anything of the sexual kind a little more mortifying than if she was dealing with one of the male interns.
it took pesh only a few seconds to recover, and then he immediately turned his attention to mr. robertson.
" did you take any erectile dysfunction medication in the last four to six hours? "
when mr. robertson started to look at megan, pesh shook his head.
" my nurse will stay with me through the duration of your care.
so i will repeat once again, did you take any medication? "
" cialis. "
" how many milligrams? "
when mr. robertson shrugged, pesh demanded, " are you being purposefully evasive, or do you not know? "
" i don't know, okay?
i got it off a buddy of mine. "
" do you normally take medication that isn't prescribed to you? "
" i just wanted to try it out. "
pesh glanced over at megan.
" i'm going to ask for a full blood work-up.
who knows what else he might've taken. "
megan nodded and punched in the code on the electronic chart to get a member of the phlebotomy team up to draw the blood.
after going over to the dispenser, pesh slid a pair of rubber gloves on.
" i'm going to have to examine you now. "
with a resigned huff, mr. robertson threw the sheet back.
megan bit down on her lip to keep from laughing at the expression on pesh's face.
she was pretty sure he hadn't had to deal with a lot of penises that resembled enormous eggplants in his career.
of course, her amusement quickly faded when she realized how awkward it was being in the room with him while he held another man's penis in his hand.
she tried busying herself with the electronic chart in front of her.
she wanted to do anything but look at the scene unfolding before her.
once pesh finished that part of the exam, mr. robertson eased back down on the examining table, and pesh once again eyed the eggplant-colored penis.
" precisely how long have you had the erection? "
" five and a half hours. "
" there doesn't appear to be any artery rupture, so we won't need to perform surgery.
i think the quickest form of treatment, as well as the least invasive, would be to try an injection to narrow the veins and reduce the blood flow to your penis.
that should reduce the swelling. "
mr. robertson's eyes narrowed suspiciously.
" and where do you have to give me the shot? "
" in the penis, of course. "
with a gulp, mr. robertson replied, " fine.
do it. "
pesh nodded.
" can you grab a syringe of alpha-agonist please? "
" sure, " megan replied.
she gladly retreated from the room to head to the medicine closet.
after checking the syringe dosage, she reluctantly returned to mr. robertson's room.
" thank you, " pesh said, as he took the medication from her.
she watched with mild disgust, as well as fascination, as he took mr. robertson's penis in his hand.
" take a deep breath, " he instructed.
the moment the needle pricked the skin, mr. robertson howled uncontrollably.
megan couldn't help rolling her eyes at what a complete pansy he was being about the pain.
once pesh finished, he dropped the empty syringe in the biohazard container and then glanced back at mr. robertson.
" if the swelling hasn't begun to dissipate in the next ten to fifteen minutes, we're going to have to take another course of action. "
" what's that? "
mr. robertson questioned, with a grimace.
" aspirating the penis of the blood. "
mr. robertson paled considerably.
" oh god, she mentioned that. "
he said the word she like megan was a swarm of locust.
pesh turned to smile at megan.
" then she made a good call. "
he then eyed his pager that was going off.
" keep an eye on him.
i 'll be back in fifteen. "
" okay, i will. "
time ticked by agonizingly slow as she worked on charts and kept an eye on mr. robertson.
every few minutes, he was lifting up the sheet to eye his erection.
each time he grimaced, megan imagined that the shot wasn't working and the swelling hadn't gone down.
when pesh entered the room again, he glanced from her to mr. robertson.
" so how are we doing? "
she shook her head.
" no change. "
" i see. "
he went over to a drawer and searched through it before producing a very large syringe with a very thick needle.
" i'm sorry, mr. robertson, but it looks like this is our only choice. "
mr. robertson seemed speechless for the first time all night.
" ms. mckenzie, can i get you to assist me? "
pesh asked.
" of course. "
" i need you to help restrain him.
i need him to be as still as possible. "
megan fought the urge to roll her eyes at his suggestion.
mr. robertson had to outweigh her by a hundred pounds, not to mention that when pain got your adrenaline pumping, you were even stronger.
but she did as she was told.
as pesh brought the needle to mr. robertson's penis, she gripped her hands tight into his shoulders.
when the needle pierced the skin, it took everything within her to keep him on the table.
gritting her teeth, she held her ground.
finally, when the last of the blood had been withdrawn, she was able to loosen her grip.
pesh tossed the syringe into the biohazard container and then turned around.
" i advise you take some ibuprofen for both the pain and for the anti-inflammatory benefits.
i would also do a round or two of using an ice pack on your crotch.
it would be my strongest advice that you never take anymore erectile dysfunction medication until you actually need it. "
" whatever, " mr. robertson croaked, collapsing back onto the table.
" give him about thirty minutes, and then he needs to head on home.
we 'll need the exam room, " pesh instructed.
" okay, i will. "
he gave her a quick smile before exiting the room.
after thirty minutes, she saw mr. robertson to the door of the er.
as he staggered into the waiting room, she shook her head.
" megan, " kristi called.
" yes? "
" go ahead and take your dinner break now. "
" are you sure?
i mean, i can work through it since we're so busy. "
kristi shook her head.
" we're fine.
besides, you're going to need all your strength.
things are probably going to get even crazier after the sun goes down. "
megan tried not to appear horrified at the prospect.
instead, she ducked into the break room to grab her purse.
when she came out, pesh was waiting for her.
" where are you going? "
" oh, it's my dinner break. "
pesh gave an impish smile.
" how fortunate.
it's mine as well. "
realizing what he was intending, she slowly shook her head back and forth.
" no dates. "
after crossing his arms over his chest, pesh asked, " and how would it be a date if we happened to go to the cafeteria at the same time and sit at the same table? "
" you're pushing it, and you know it. "
" after what we both just endured, how can you deny me the pleasure of buying your dinner? "
a teasing twinkle flashed in his dark eyes-one she wasn't used to seeing on him.
for some reason, she found it completely irresistible.
" besides, how can i possibly have romance on my mind when i just held another man's penis in my hands? "
her eyes widened in shock at his words.
" d-did you actually just say that? "
" yes, i believe i did. "
she shook her head.
" i can't believe you sometimes. "
" don't try to pin me as one thing or the other.
just take me as i am, " pesh suggested.
" i 'll try. "
as they started to the elevator, megan chewed her lip with unease.
turning to pesh she asked, " what will people say if they see the two of us together? "
" that we're two single people having dinner, " he replied.
" you're a physician, and i'm a clinical student.
couldn't i get in trouble? "
" doctors and nurses often have dinner together on their breaks.
the cafeteria is a pretty inconspicuous place for us to be alone together.
if someone came upon us in one of the medicine rooms or an empty patient room, then we might have a problem. "
" if you say so, " she mumbled, as he punched the down button on the elevator.
after they stepped on the car, pesh eyed her.
" you really are worried, aren't you? "
she nodded.
" my career means everything to me.
i don't want to do anything to jeopardize it. "
" then i 'll make sure we don't sit by ourselves. "
" thank you.
i really appreciate that. "
as the car started its decent down, pesh threw his head back and exhaled a long breath.
" well, that was... " megan grinned at him.
" the good doctor seems speechless.
surely in all your years in the er, you've seen crazier or more mortifying cases. "
he cocked his head, appearing thoughtful.
" a screwdriver lodged in a rectum is probably the tamest. "
" the tamest? "
megan questioned incredulously, as the elevator door dinged open.
pesh laughed.
" a man high on meth walking into the er with his penis in his hand is probably the craziest. "
megan's hand swept over her mouth.
" he actually cut off his... " she gazed around to make sure no one was listening to their conversation.
" is the good nurse speechless? "
he teased.
she rolled her eyes at him.
" so what happened? "
" we got him sedated and into surgery as soon as we could.
i heard they were able to sew it back on.
i'm not aware of whether or not it was ever... fully functional again. "
" that is crazy. "
" i know. "
pesh handed her a food tray.
as they surmised their choices, megan asked, " was that your standard line of questioning in a situation like that? "
" i think we've established that i haven't been privy to many priapism cases, but yes, any time there is an issue with the penis that is not related to the urethra or bladder, you would ask those questions. "
after the food service worker gave them both an odd look, pesh looked pointedly at her.
" why do you ask? "
she shrugged.
" just to be prepared for the next time. "
he cocked his brows at her.
" do you want to practice your line of questioning?
you know, show me what you've learned? "
" let's get our food first, shall we? "
" okay. "
after deciding that the grilled chicken salad was about the most appealing item in the food line, she grabbed a drink and some of the freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.
just as she inched up to pay, pesh put his tray next to hers.
he had chosen some kind of stir-fry that didn't look appetizing to megan.
when she dug in her purse for her wallet, he handed a twenty to the cashier.
as he took his change, she shot him a look.
" what? "
he asked.
" you buying my dinner doesn't look very innocent, " she hissed, as they started toward the tables.
pesh shook his head with a smile.
" i highly doubt she's keeping the gossip mill going on how dr. nadeen bought the lovely new clinical student a salad. "
" you never know, " megan countered.
trailing pesh, she watched as he made his way over to a table filled with doctors and nurses.
while the bottom half was filled with people, the top was practically empty.
" mind if we take these seats? "
pesh asked.
" go right ahead, nadeen, " a bushy haired doctor replied.
" we're expecting a few more to join us, " he said, before covertly winking at megan.
" you play a good game, " she said, softly.
" thank you. "
she 'd just finished drizzling dressing over her salad when pesh said, " ready to prove yourself? "
" are we really going to talk about this while we eat? "
" you 'll learn that most lunches and dinners are spent either reviewing cases or getting input on cases. "
" fine then. "
putting on a professional air, she asked, " have you taken any erectile dysfunction medication? "
after swallowing a bite of stir-fry, he replied, " no, never. "
" do you have trouble obtaining an erection? "
the twinkle returned to his eyes.
" i would think you wouldn't need to ask that question after our previous encounter. "
a shiver went down her spine as she remembered her core rubbing against the hardened ridge in his pants.
" considering it is unlikely that i would have any previous knowledge of the patient, just answer the question. "
he gave her a sly smile.
" no, never. "
" do you have trouble maintaining an erection? "
" i could once again point out that you had personal knowledge of how well i was able to maintain myself once aroused, but i 'll refrain.
instead, i 'll say no. "
" ha, ha, nice way to get your point in. "
" i had to try. "
she cocked her head at him, giving him a teasing smile.
" if a patient was trying to flirt as much as you are during my questioning, then i would have to remind him that i am a professional. "
" i see.
then forgive me for trying to undermine your professionalism. "
" you're forgiven... for now. "
he took a long swig of his iced tea.
" you did really well back there. "
" really? "
" yes, you did.
for that to be your first case on your own, you managed to keep yourself together and to give the patient the best level of diagnosis and care you could. "
she couldn't help the warmth rushing to her cheeks that his compliments caused.
" thank you.
i appreciate your confidence. "
" i think you're going to make an amazing nurse.
i know that there will be many hospitals vying to hire you. "
megan shook her head.
" i don't know about that. "
" don't underestimate your talents. "
" you think they would want to hire me here? "
she asked.
his brows rose in surprise.
" you wouldn't mind a permanent placement here? "
she shrugged.
" it hasn't been long, but i have been happy here.
i like the people i work with.
i guess i wouldn't want to go into the unknown when i know what i have here. "
he swallowed a bite of his rice.
" that's understandable. "
after wiping his mouth, he smiled at her.
" i think they would be crazy not to make you an offer. "
" i hope so. "
leaning in over his plate, he held her gaze.
the intensity in which he stared at her caused her to shudder.
she didn't like the effect he was having on her in the middle of the hospital cafeteria.
a mixture of emotions coursed through her-warmth, safety, lust, happiness.
she hadn't experienced that range of feelings with a man in a long, long time.
finally, he spoke.
" i know it would make me very happy to have you here, and i would do everything within my power to ensure you stayed. "
before she could reply, a tray smacked down onto the table next to her.
one of the residents, a young male named dr. morris, grinned at the two of them.
" so, i hear you two just handled a priapism case. "
" yeah, we did, " megan replied.
she didn't dare look back at pesh to gage his expression on being interrupted.
dr. morris groaned.
" oh come on.
give me the juicy details.
i haven't gotten to see one of those yet.
the best groin swelling i've had is when some idiot tried to pierce his balls, and they got infected. "
when megan wrinkled her nose, pesh's laughter surprised her.
her gaze flew to him, and he winked.
" i told you that the conversations we had over dinner were not exactly appetizing. "
" i'm starting to believe you, " she replied, with a smile.
somehow she managed to devour the rest of her salad while pesh told dr. morris the ins and outs of the case.
after she finished, she rose out of her chair.
" i guess i better head back.
you know, with everything being so crazy. "
surprisingly, pesh didn't get up nor did he offer to walk her back.
instead, she saw an acceptance on his face that told her he was letting her go so there would be no suspicion raised about the two of them.
" thank you for dinner, " she said.
" you're welcome, " he replied, with a smile.
his smiles were starting to do something to her that she didn't like.
they were no longer igniting her panties on fire ; instead, they were making her long to spend time with him.
she quickly slung her purse over her shoulder and strode out of the cafeteria.
with the chaos surrounding her, she thankfully put pesh out of her mind for the rest of the evening.
chapter ten after two exhausting weeks in her clinicals, megan was ready for a little randr.
so she was thrilled when emma called her asking if she wanted to join her for a girl's day.
she was even more stoked when emma said that aidan was willing to keep mason, so he and noah could play together.
even though she was sure her parents would have watched him, she hated imposing on them so much.
an hour after the call, she was pulling into aidan and emma's driveway.
when she opened the backseat to get mason out, he was already bopping up and down in his car seat with excitement.
he loved aidan and emma's house, and he especially loved playing with noah, even though they were eleven months apart.
she grabbed him and his diaper bag and then made her way up the front walk.
emma answered the door with noah on her hip.
" hey, i'm so excited you could make it. "
megan grinned.
" you should know by now i have no life except for mason and work. "
" i feel the same way sometimes, " emma replied, as megan stepped through the doorway.
as she walked through the foyer and down the hall to the kitchen, mason squirmed to get down.
once she set him on his feet, he ran into the living room.
that's where aidan was lounging on the couch with beau on the floor next to him.
" beau! "
mason cried.
he leaned in to hug the massive lab.
megan never had to worry about beau and mason ; he was truly a gentle giant when it came to infants and kids.
beau thumped his tail heartily at the attention.
aidan glanced up from the tv and smiled.
" hey, how are you? "
she grinned as she reached down to kiss his cheek.
" good thanks.
and you? "
" great.
looking forward to having a man's day with the boys. "
megan laughed.
" yeah, with two kids under two, let's see how much fun you 'll have. "
aidan shrugged.
" it's good practice for me when the new baby gets here. "
" baby or babies? "
she teased.
with his eyes widening, he quickly replied, " baby singular.
that was confirmed, thank god. "
cocking her head, she teasingly asked, " and when is the ultrasound to confirm the youngest fitzgerald granddaughter is on her way? "
aidan huffed exasperatedly.
" not for a few more months, smart-ass. "
she brought her hand to her chest in mock outrage.
" it was just a question. "
" yeah and considering you've had a kid yourself, i'm sure you know all too well at what month the gender ultrasound is. "
megan grinned.
" i just think it's cool that i 'll be the oldest granddaughter, and she 'll be the youngest. "
with a pained expression, aidan groaned, " whatever. "
she ruffled his still unkempt bed hair playfully.
" relax, ankle.
you're going to be an amazing father to that little girl.
she 'll undoubtedly have you wrapped around her finger before she's even out of the womb. "
" a man like me, or i guess i should say, a man like i used to be, does not want to bring forth daughters into the world. "
" payback is a bitch, " she mused.
" don't i know it, " he grumbled.
emma came into the living room then.
she handed noah to aidan along with a bottle.
" you sure you 'll be all right today? "
" i 'll be fine-we 'll be fine.
won't we mason? "
mason glanced up from lumbering around the room on beau's back.
" yeah! "
" see.
stop worrying. "
he gave emma a very pointed look before adding, " a promise is a promise after all. "
she flushed a little at his words, but then gave him a shy smile.
when he winked playfully at her, megan couldn't help feeling her chest tighten at the exchange.
seeing her once man-whore uncle now a loving, devoted husband and father was always surprisingly unnerving.
but deep down, it was how much she truly wanted what aidan and emma had.
love, companionship, and devotion within marriage while having someone else to parent with you.
if you weren't so stubborn you could probably have something just like aidan and emma have with pesh!
but no, you have to keep believing that you're too young to get married.
you're probably throwing away happiness with both hands just because you're afraid.
emma brought her out of her self-deprecating tirade.
" so what should we do first? "
she asked, as they walked into the garage.
" nails and toes? "
megan suggested.
" mmm, that sounds good. "
they both slid into emma's suv.
as megan buckled up, emma turned to her.
" i hope you don't mind that casey is meeting us for lunch? "
" of course not.
the more the merrier.
besides, casey is a hoot. "
emma smiled and cranked up the car.
" that she is. "
before long, they were pulling into starbucks to grab some coffee for megan and tea for emma.
then they walked around the corner to the nail salon.
after relaxing manicures and pedicures, they drove about twenty minutes to meet casey at their favorite little local restaurant that was housed in an old train depot.
as they walked up, they saw casey sitting outside in the sunshine texting.
" hey girl! "
emma called.
casey waved to them before rising off the bench.
" hello, hello. "
a round of hugs was exchanged between the three women.
" i thought you two would never get here.
i'm starving. "
emma grinned.
" sorry.
they were a little behind at the nail salon. "
they pushed through the front door and were quickly seated by the hostess who knew them well.
once they eased into a familiar, comfortable booth, they took stock of the menus.
" you have to order alcohol on our behalf since we're both two knocked-up ladies now, " casey insisted.
megan's eyes widened.
" i didn't know you were pregnant. "
casey grinned.
" yeah, nate finally wore me down. "
she then shook her head.
" sometimes i think he's the chick in this relationship. "
" he must've done some heavy convincing, " megan said.
with a nod, casey replied, " he comes from such a large immediate and extended family that he's been itching to have a child.
we've been married a year and together eight, so i guess it was just time.
and while i wasn't thrilled with the idea of having a baby when his internship was so crazy, his hours will be better by the time the baby gets here. "
" when are you due? "
" around the same time as emma. "
that statement made emma beam.
" our babies are going to be best friends, too.
i just know it. "
casey grinned at the sentiment.
" or boyfriend and girlfriend... " " that's a thought. "
emma jerked her chin up.
" i'm not sure i want your son corrupting my little girl. "
with her dark eyes widening, casey huffed, " and what if it's my daughter that your son is corrupting? "
emma giggled.
" if my son takes after his father, then that would be the case.
but i think we also have to consider that if your daughter is anything like you, she 'll be the one doing the corrupting. "
casey laughed.
" that's true. "
" guess i should keep mason clear of her too, huh? "
megan asked, with a smile.
" probably, " emma replied.
after the waitress appeared to take their drink and food orders, casey pinned megan with an intense stare.
" so, " she began, quirking her brow at megan.
" i hear your doing your clinicals under dr. mcdreamy bollywood. "
megan couldn't help but laugh.
" if you mean i'm doing them under dr. nadeen, then the answer is yes. "
emma nibbled on her bottom lip before speaking.
" have things been awkward considering what happened the night of noah's baptism? "
before megan could reply, casey's eyes bulged.
" whoa, whoa.
hold the phone.
something happened between you two? "
megan felt heat rising in her cheeks.
it was almost too mortifying to repeat, but finally, she filled casey in on each and every embarrassing detail that had happened.
" man, he's so freakin'honorable, isn't he? "
casey mused.
" yes, he is, " megan replied, glumly.
emma shook her head.
" there's nothing wrong with his honor.
it's what attracted me to him in the first place.
there are so few gentlemen left on the planet. "
before she could stop herself, megan blurted, " but i didn't want a gentleman.
i wanted to get laid. "
casey grinned.
" don't we all? "
emma rolled her eyes.
" just when i think your pregnancy hormones haven't made you even more sex crazed, you go and say something like that, " she grumbled.
megan twirled the straw in her diet coke thoughtfully.
" what's bizarre is even though he should have been completely and totally turned off by what happened that night, he's still interested in me.
i mean, the man is gorgeous and has half of the women in the hospital panting over him, and he still wants me. "
" then what's the problem? "
emma asked.
" he's interested in dating, not sex. "
emma's brows furrowed.
" but wouldn't you have sex eventually if you were dating? "
megan sighed.
" we're at a stalemate-i just want straight sex without dinner and a movie, and to quote him, he wants to show me a whole new world through a date. "
" how aladdin of him, " casey quipped to which emma shot her an exasperated look.
with a shrug, megan replied, " basically we're going to stay forever in the friend zone because neither one of us is willing to give in. "
" would it really kill you to go out with the guy? "
casey asked.
megan widened her eyes in surprise.
" you mean, you of all people are actually advocating me giving in to him? "
she jerked her thumb over at emma.
" i 'd expect that out of her but not you. "
casey dabbed the corners of her lips with her napkin.
" it's just a date.
i don't think he's going to drug you and drag you to a wedding chapel. "
" i 'd certainly hope not. "
" so what's wrong with having an innocent dinner and maybe a movie? "
casey asked.
" because that's not fair to him.
i 'd just be leading him on, and i think we can all agree that he doesn't need that. "
" exactly, " emma agreed.
cocking her head, casey eyed megan thoughtfully.
" deep down, you like him, don't you? "
megan rolled her eyes.
" of course i do.
everyone likes him. "
" no, you really like him.
you find yourself thinking about him more than you should.
and you're kinda wishing you weren't such a stubborn ass about dating him.
because even though you 'd kill to know how well he uses his wang, you're even more intrigued about what being loved by him would be like. "
dumbfounded, megan could only stare at casey.
she 'd certainly hit the nail on the head about her feelings.
finally, she sighed.
" look, it's a no-win situation.
i'm a nursing student.
i can't get involved with a physician.
it just wouldn't look good on my record.
that's just one of the many reasons it wouldn't work between us. "
" fine.
you just keep telling yourself that. "
" why don't we talk about something else? "
megan suggested.
" who's up for a movie after we hit the mall? "
emma asked.
megan chewed her lip.
" oh, i don't know if i should be gone that long.
i don't want to take advantage of ankle's kindness for watching mason. "
emma shook her head.
" he won't mind.
he's happy to do it. "
as megan raised her brows skeptically, casey snorted.
" lem me guess, you bribed him sexually to get him to give up a perfectly good saturday watching two kids who are under two. "
a red flush entered emma's cheeks.
" i don't know what you're talking about. "
casey laughed.
" oh em, you are so busted! "
leaning forward, she put her elbows on the table and stared straight at emma.
" so what was it?
green lingerie?
a blow job?
maybe a b**w j*b while wearing green lingerie? "
refusing to meet casey's inquisitive gaze, emma finally murmured, " it was a b**w j*b in the shower this morning, okay? "
casey snickered.
" i knew you had done something.
hmm, that was fun.
it was like solving a sexual game of clue-it was emma in the shower with a blow job. "
megan brought her hands up to cover her eyes.
" umm, hello?
that's my uncle you're talking about. "
" sorry, sorry.
i 'll refrain from making any more comments about aidan and emma's sex life. "
" thank you, " megan and emma replied in unison.
" shopping and a movie then? "
casey questioned.
megan reluctantly agreed.
" i 'll just blame you two if ankle gets all pissy. "
casey winked.
" just blame emma.
then he can take it out on her later... in the bedroom. "
" i seriously hate you, " emma grumbled.
thankfully, the food arrived then and all sex-based conversation was forgotten.
at least for the moment.
chapter eleven brushing his hand across his sweaty brow, pesh leaned back against the glass door of the trauma area.
as the adrenaline began depleting from his system, he needed to prop against something hard for support.
regardless of how physically drained he felt, he was emotionally on cloud nine.
a beaming smile lit up his face as he stared across the room at the gurney.
on it, a young woman was getting acquainted with her newborn son.
she had been brought in just twenty minutes before after a car accident sent her into early labor.
the paramedics had gotten her through the roughest patches, but thankfully, they had made it to the hospital in time.
because her labor was so advanced, they hadn't risked getting her up to the labor and delivery floor.
instead, they 'd wheeled her in, and pesh had gone to work.
it really was an amazing moment considering he 'd only delivered three other babies in the history of his medical career.
each one was an experience he treasured.
the woman glanced up at him and smiled.
" thank you so much, dr.
nadeen. "
" you're very welcome.
they will be taking you up to maternity in just a few minutes. "
as he stepped out of the room, he found himself ambushed by kara, one of the shift nurses.
" hey there.
how's the good doctor doing today? "
the way she spoke was more of a purr, which was a pretty apt summation since she basically acted like she was a cat in heat anytime he was around.
he cringed as she ran her hand up his arm.
" it's fine, thank you.
how are you? "
he questioned politely.
" i'm better now that i've seen you, " she replied.
" yes, well, i need to go see about my next case. "
her heavily painted lips turned down in a pout.
" aren't you ever going to want to get a drink again? "
inwardly, he groaned.
in a moment of weakness when he was still reeling after what had happened with megan, he had allowed her to talk him into getting a drink after work.
once turned into several times, and then he did the unthinkable.
he had made out with her in his car under the faded lights of the bar's neon sign.
well, making out didn't quite sum up the fact that she had given him a blow job.
although he had vowed to never let anything like that happen again, he found himself walking a fine line around her whenever they were at work.
" um, sure.
maybe.
things have been really busy. "
" i hope that you 'll free up some time.
i really, really need a night out with you again. "
reaching around him, kara did the unthinkable.
she squeezed one of his ass cheeks.
a gasp of shock behind him caused him to whirl around.
of all the people in the world that could have been standing there, it had to be megan.
pesh quickly jerked out from kara's reach.
megan's eyes bulged at the two of them before she quickly looked away.
with her head ducked, she started past them.
the last thing in the world he needed was for something to be awkward between them.
without another word to kara, pesh turned and fell in step beside megan.
" what are you doing? "
she asked.
he shrugged.
" nothing.
just walking with you.
is that a problem? "
glancing over her shoulder at kara, megan said, " it looked like you were a little busy back there. "
with a grimace, he said, " the conversation and the contact were unwanted by me. "
megan stared up at him.
" why am i not surprised by that? "
he eyed her curiously.
" just what do you mean? "
" you are not the type of man who does public displays of affection... or i should say lust. "
" haven't we already established that you shouldn't try to typecast me?
i don't fit into any of the preconceived holes you have tried to put me in. "
" there is one hole that you remain firmly lodged in, and that is being a gentleman when it comes to women and sex. "
as much as he hated to admit it, she had a point about him being a gentleman.
he touched her arm, urging her to stop.
" yes, i am a gentleman both in public and private.
but let me address part of your assumption.
when i am committed to a woman and she is committed to me, there is never a time i would reject public displays of affection or lust. "
megan's lips curved up in a smile.
" so what you're saying is you would actually grab your girlfriend's ass in public? "
" yes, i would. "
glancing around, he found them happily out of anyone's earshot.
" when i am truly committed to a woman, i have trouble keeping my hands off her regardless of where we are. "
" that's good to know, " she replied, with a wink.
he couldn't help the silly grin that filled his face as she hurried down the hall to join up with kristi.
he was making progress with her, wasn't he?
surely megan had to be seeing how much she enjoyed spending time with him in the hospital and would soon decide that she wanted more.
his smile started to fade as he wondered if he was deluding himself.
with a resigned sigh, he made his way over to the reception bay to sign off on some charts.
he eased down on a stool and immersed himself in the paperwork, so he didn't have to think about megan.
" alpesh! "
a voice across the room shouted.
he snapped his head up.
without even looking over his shoulder, pesh knew who the voice belonged to.
few people in his life addressed him by his full name, and no one in the hospital ever called him by his first name.
slowly, he rose off his stool and turned around.
his youngest brother, dev, stalked toward him with a stormy expression plastered on his face.
as the oldest of his three siblings, he had always felt a responsibility to look out for his two brothers and sister.
while arjan and shveta had never given him any trouble, dev, as the spoiled baby of the family, had been a challenge for both pesh and his parents.
after experiencing teenage rebellion and a wayward early adult life, he had managed to get his wild ways under control when he was twenty-five.
dev had set his sights on a beautiful nurse pesh had befriended when he was still a resident.
mia martinelli had been through hell with an abusive boyfriend, so pesh was reluctant to pair the two together.
but at dev's continued insistence, pesh fixed the two of them up.
what followed was a three-year courtship and then engagement.
mia was accepted and loved by all of pesh's family.
and then dev had gone and thrown it all away by cheating on mia.
in her heartbreak, mia had stayed close to pesh, and he wanted her to be happy more than anything else in the world.
pesh would have liked to have been surprised by his brother's visit, but ever since he had been summoned to console mia a few days before, he had been anticipating it.
truthfully, he had been bracing himself for his brother's wrath.
" hello dev, " he said, in a calm voice.
shaking his head furiously, dev said, " i just got a f**king blow off text from mia.
when i tried calling her back to demand she explain herself, she couldn't talk because she was in mexico.
with aj. "
" yes, i'm aware of that. "
dev's dark eyes narrowed at pesh's confirmation.
" so it's true that you went to talk to her? "
" yes, it is. "
" i can't believe it. "
he threw up his hands in frustration.
" i didn't want to believe anything mia said, especially that it was you who helped her see that she shouldn't give me a second chance and take me back-that she should make things work with aj. "
" it's all true.
you and i both know mia would never lie. "
" but how could you? "
dev demanded, in a strangled voice.
" i'm sorry, but i had to do what was best for mia. "
dev's brows shot up.
" and what about me?
i'm your f**king blood. "
with a sigh, pesh replied, " i'm sorry, my brother, but blood or not, i couldn't stand by and let you hurt her again-she's been through too much. "
" i love her! "
dev shouted, which caused several of the nurses to spin around in shock.
" this is not the time nor the place to be having this discussion, " pesh growled.
" i'm not going anywhere, so you better start explaining yourself before i really start a scene. "
pesh shook his head.
" fine.
you want the truth?
here is it.
you only think you love mia.
you and i both know you can not be faithful to a woman. "
" i could have for mia. "
" you already failed her once.
she deserved better. "
dev narrowed his eyes.
" what, are you f**king her now? "
he grimaced at his brother's choice of harsh words.
" of course i'm not.
there's never been anything amorous between mia and myself.
thankfully, she's back with the man she loves-the father of her unborn child. "
" but i need her, " dev insisted, his voice taking on a plaintive tone.
" i'm sorry, but i think it's best if you moved on.
most of all, baby brother, i think you need to do a lot of soul searching and maturing before you even think about getting in another relationship. "
dev's eyes widened.
" you... you f**king bastard! "
he shouted.
pesh was debating calling security to remove his unruly brother when he was knocked off his stool by dev's right hook to his jaw.
he tumbled backward and crashed onto the floor.
before dev could do something like kick him when he was down, megan appeared and wedged herself between them.
" i think you better leave before i call security, " she demanded.
pesh struggled to his feet as megan came into dev's line of fire.
he couldn't bear if dev hurt her in his anger just because she had taken up for him.
dev stared down at megan with a smirk.
" so my brother needs some pint-sized pu**y defending him now?
word to the wise, sweetheart, don't waste your time on him.
he's only got a boner for his dead wife. "
a deep growl erupted in pesh's throat as he lunged for his brother.
but he never made it.
instead, megan's fist cracked into dev's jaw.
the impact didn't take him off his feet, but he did stagger backwards.
even as she flailed her wrist back and forth from the obvious pain, megan still managed to bellow, " get the hell out of here.
now. "
dev stared at her in shock as he rubbed his jaw.
" crazy bitch, " he muttered, before stalking off.
when megan turned to him, her glowering expression faded to one of concern.
" you're bleeding! "
she cried, rushing for him.
his hand came up to grip his cheek.
surprise flooded him when he felt wetness.
dev must've hit him harder than he thought.
he slid his jaw back and forth, causing him to grimace at the popping sound.
" come here, " megan said, grabbing his hand.
she started leading him over to one of the examining rooms, but he jerked back.
" i don't need all this fuss. "
megan shook her head.
" we need to get you cleaned up. "
resignedly, he followed her into the room.
for the first time in a long time, he found himself on the opposite line of care.
he eased down onto the examining table.
" really, megan, this isn't necessary. "
as she busied herself taking out gauze, cotton balls, and antiseptic, she replied, " quit your bitchin '. "
she glanced over her shoulder at him.
at what must have been his incredulous expression at her word choice, she grinned.
" that's right.
just shut up and let me take care of you. "
" when you put it like that, how can i not? "
he teased.
her laughter warmed his heart.
deep down, he was pleased to find her so attentive to him.
she obviously really cared about him if she insisted on cleaning him up.
or was she just attentive because she was a great nurse?
but then there was the fact she punched dev for insulting him.
of course, that was also mortifying.
did that mean she questioned his manhood since he didn't go toe-to-toe with his brother?
god, what she must think of him now.
as he allowed megan to treat his cuts, his thoughts turned to dev's last verbal punch.
he grimaced about dev's alluding to the fact he was in love with a ghost.
was that what stopped megan from believing his attraction to her?
was she really hiding her commitment phobia behind a belief that he was still completely in love with his wife?
his feelings gave him away when megan asked, " are you hurting? "
" no, i'm fine. "
when she gave him a skeptical look, he replied, " it's more the fact that i'm angry than i am physically hurt. "
" so what exactly was all that about? "
she asked, as she dabbed some antiseptic along his jawline.
he winced when the medication hit the broken skin.
" my brother is angry with me. "
megan snorted.
" no shit. "
she held the cotton ball frozen as she eyed him curiously.
" what i'm wondering is what got him so fired up that he would stomp into a hospital, call you out, and then punch you?
you are the last person on earth i would imagine being in a fight. "
" the reason is so cliche, " he murmured.
" enlighten me, " she urged.
" he's a petulant child who didn't get his way-he's lashing out at me because he thinks it's all my fault. "
" i heard the name mia.
was it all about a woman? "
" yes, that's why i called it cliche. "
he sucked in a harsh breath before filling megan in about what all had transpired between him, dev, and mia.
" wow, " she murmured, when he finished.
" i suppose that is all one can say about the situation. "
" you were awfully kind to take care of her like you did-i mean, with both her abusive ex-boyfriend and dev. "
he shrugged.
" what else was i supposed to do?
i cared for her, and i wanted to see her happy. "
at the look that flashed in megan's eyes, he quickly added, " there was no amorous love between us.
i was happily married at the time, and she desperately needed someone to be strong for her. "
megan cupped his unhurt cheek in her hand.
" you really are the most decent man i've ever known. "
" i don't know about that, " he murmured.
" you truly are. "
she shook her head.
" no wonder women are so crazy about you.
it's one thing for you to be so good-looking and a smart doctor, but then when you add in the fact of how sweet, caring, and compassionate you are, it's like you're a triple threat. "
she turned to throw the cotton ball into the trash can.
his heartbeat thrummed louder and louder at her words while he sat unblinking and unmoving.
part of him wanted to rail at her for not seeing him like all the other women did.
if she truly saw what others did, then she would want to date him, wouldn't she?
why couldn't she see how good he could be for her?
when megan met his tense gaze, she jerked back and momentarily faltered by dropping the piece of gauze in her hand.
she quickly deposited the soiled one in the trash and then got another one.
" so this mia chick, she's run off with some drummer, huh? "
she asked, clearly trying to change the subject and lighten the mood in the room.
" not just any drummer.
a famous one at that. "
" really?
what band? "
pesh's cocked his head as he tried remembering.
" something train. "
megan gasped.
" not runaway train? "
he snapped his fingers.
" that's it. "
clapping her hand to her chest, megan's eyes widened.
" you know someone who knows aj resendiz? "
pesh laughed.
" i suppose i do if you consider that's mia's fiance. "
" that is so wild.
i love that band. "
" i 'll see if i can get you an autograph. "
with a squeal, megan said, " really?
that would be amazing. "
" anything for the woman who is willing to risk her life for me. "
megan laughed.
" it was nothing. "
" what about your hand? "
" i'm not going to lie.
it hurts.
i kinda forgot what punching someone felt like. "
pesh couldn't help his brows from rising in surprise.
" have you done a lot of fighting? "
she grinned.
" not exactly mma material, am i? "
when he merely shook his head, she replied, " i may have thrown a few punches in my early college partying days when a guy overstepped his bounds. "
with a smile, pesh said, " good for you. "
" yeah, my dad was really big on teaching me self-defense moves.
you know, with him being ex-military. "
pesh couldn't help liking megan's strength and spunk.
he hadn't known a lot of women like her.
in his world, women were bred to be demure and obedient.
even though jade wasn't indian, she would've never dreamed of throwing a punch to defend him against dev.
but megan, she was so refreshing with her ability to stand up for herself and others-to voice her mind whether it was good or bad.
" you would have made your father very proud today. "
" thank you.
i'm sure later on today when my knuckles are bruising, he 'll want to know why. "
" i'm very sorry. "
he took her hand in his before bringing it to his lips.
" here's a kiss to make any bruises go away. "
she gave him a teasing smile.
" is that the best medicine you can do, dr.
nadeen? "
his mind went wild with illicit images of all the " medicine " and " healing " he could give her.
a chaste kiss to alleviate her pain was all he could really offer.
his pager went off before he could reply.
" i better go. "
he hopped off the table and started for the door.
as his hand hovered over the doorknob, there were so many things he wanted to say to her.
but finally, he just said, " thanks again for taking care of me. "
" you're welcome. "
" and you should probably ice your hand during your break tonight. "
" yes sir, " she replied, with a mock salute.
he shook his head at her with a smile before heading out the door.
chapter twelve days melted into weeks as megan immersed herself in her clinicals.
every day she found a new challenge to conquer.
she hadn't imagined how hard it would be, or how exhausted she would be most nights when she crawled into bed.
but it was a thrilling exhaustion because she was doing what she felt like she was called to do.
each day, she spent more and more time with pesh.
she loved working beside him on cases.
he had the best bedside manner of all the residents and interns.
patients, both young and old, adored him.
and the more she was with him, the more megan began to adore him as well.
she had just left an examining room where he had charmed a little boy into finally letting them run the tests they needed when kristi beckoned her from down the hall.
after hustling to join kristi, megan was quickly ushered inside one of the trauma rooms.
immediately, her entire body switched gears as she prepared herself for what she might face.
" female, thirty, car accident, " the paramedic began before rattling off her vitals and other information.
after megan had absorbed the information, she turned to the patient.
" hi, i'm megan.
i'm going to get your iv started. "
the woman gave megan a weak smile.
" i'm mary. "
" i guess it would be wrong to say it's nice to meet you, huh? "
megan said, trying to talk as normally as she could to put the patient at ease.
" yeah, i guess so, " mary replied.
when megan reached for mary's arm to find a place for the needle, mary winced.
" ouch. "
as megan surveyed the forearm, she shook her head.
" looks like you've got a break there. "
" my arm is broken? "
mary asked in a panic.
" we won't know until we get you into x-ray.
i'm going to try this vein here in your wrist. "
the needle slipped easily into the vein, and megan started the iv.
pesh appeared in the doorway then.
he smiled at mary on the gurney.
" hello, mary, i'm dr. nadeen.
i understand you had a little accident today? "
she nodded.
" this car came out of nowhere and hit me head on. "
" i'm so sorry.
why don't we start by you telling me where it hurts? "
" my chest, " she said, with a grimace.
pesh pulled back the hospital gown.
" were you wearing your seat belt? "
" yes, i always do. "
" from the dust in your hair, can i assume the airbag deployed? "
" yeah, it did. "
" is this where it hurts? "
he asked, running his fingers down an angry red whelp.
it started at her neck and crossed over her chest.
some of it was hidden by the many leads coming from the heart monitor.
" yeah. "
" it looks like the seat belt and the airbag did a number on you. "
mary winced.
" i thought they were supposed to help you, not hurt you. "
pesh smiled.
" trust me.
you're much better off with a little burn than if you hadn't been wearing it. "
after eyeing the monitors mary was hooked up to, he turned to megan.
" blood pressure is low.
let's administer some blood products to raise it. "
megan nodded.
after checking mary's chart for her blood type, she grabbed a bag of blood from the coolers.
trading places with pesh, she started another iv in the crook of mary's right elbow.
" besides your chest, are you hurting anywhere else? "
pesh asked, after he finished listening to her heart and lungs.
" my stomach. "
megan's breath hitched.
it was never good for a car accident patient to have stomach pains.
that usually meant hemorrhaging, which could also attribute the low blood pressure.
pressing on mary's abdomen, pesh asked, " does this hurt? "
" no. "
" here? "
" no. "
" what about here? "
a screech came from the bed.
pesh's brows drew with worry.
" i'm going to do a quick ultrasound, mary.
i want to see what's causing the pain. "
" okay. "
megan pulled the machine over to the bedside.
she squirted the jelly onto mary's stomach, and then pesh began running the wand over the skin.
" i'm feeling a little dizzy, too, " mary said, in a low voice.
pesh and megan exchanged a quick look before he shoved the ultrasound machine back.
turning to kristi, he said, " call the or.
she's got a ruptured spleen. "
after depressing the break on the gurney, pesh swung it out of the trauma room and started down the hall.
" go with him, " kristi instructed, as she held onto the phone.
megan jogged down the hall to catch up with pesh.
he smacked the buttons on the elevator before glancing down at mary.
" stay with me, okay?
we're going to get you into surgery, and then you 'll be good as new. "
" are you sure? "
she asked.
without hesitation, pesh replied, " yes, but you have to stay with me. "
the elevator's doors slid open.
as megan helped pesh push the gurney inside, mary asked, " did you turn on more lights? "
megan creased her brows in worry as she glanced over to pesh.
" we're getting in the elevator to take you to the or for surgery, " she replied.
" but it's so bright, " mary whispered before closing her eyes.
her head lolled to the side just as the alarms on the monitors began screeching in megan's ears.
" dammit, she's crashing! "
pesh cried.
ice-cold fear pricked its way from the top of megan's head all the way down her body.
a patient was crashing in the elevator without the crash cart.
what the hell were they supposed to do?
" lower the gurney, " pesh ordered.
megan's jerky hands fumbled with the lever.
once it was flat, pesh brought his hands to mary's chest and began compressions.
without having to be told, megan leaned down, pinched mary's nose, and began breathing into her mouth.
they worked in perfect synchronization.
" stay with me, mary! "
pesh barked, as his hands pumped in a manic pace up and down on mary's chest.
glancing up from her breathing, megan eyed the monitors.
" no pulse. "
when pesh didn't respond, she continued doing breathing cycles.
at the taste of something warm meeting her lips, she jerked back.
blood oozed out of mary's mouth.
" there's more damage than the spleen.
she's bleeding from the mouth. "
pesh didn't even acknowledge her comment.
" the seat belt and airbag could have caused an aortic tear as well.
there's nothing we can do. "
instead, he kept right on with his compressions.
the elevator doors opened, and megan met the expectant faces of the surgical team.
when one doctor stepped forward, she shook her head.
" she's gone. "
pesh growled across from her.
" no, she isn't.
we have to keep trying.
get a cart in here. "
the doctor eyed the stats on the monitors.
" i don't think it will help. "
jerking his head up from mary, pesh snarled, " get the f**king cart! "
as one of the nurses scrambled away, two others pulled the gurney from the elevator.
megan stood back, feeling helpless as to what to do.
once the cart arrived, pesh ripped open mary's gown.
" charging 260 joules. "
he rubbed the paddles together.
" clear! "
mary's chest jolted off the gurney with the force of the electricity.
megan didn't need to look at the monitors.
the heart stayed in a flat line.
" charging 360 joules. "
megan closed her eyes when pesh administered the second shock.
" dammit, jade, don't do this!
try for me! "
megan couldn't hold back the gasp that escaped her at pesh calling mary by his late wife's name.
before pesh could do another charge, one of the surgeon's stepped forward.
after he removed his mask, he put his hand on pesh's back.
" calling time of death. "
defeated, pesh dropped his head.
slowly, he eased back from the gurney.
a nurse took the paddles from him and put them back on the cart.
" i 'll go notify the family, " pesh murmured.
the surgeon shook his head and stared pointedly at megan.
" get a resident to do that.
nadeen, you go take a breather, buddy. "
" they deserve to speak to the doctor who was with her when she died. "
" you don't need to do this. "
pesh slung away from the surgeon and started for the elevator.
megan knew there was no point in arguing with him or trying to get one of the residents to take his place.
she didn't know if she should try to go to him or not.
she regretted her decision when he turned to face her in the elevator.
his expression was agonizingly broken.
as the doors closed, her heart ached for him.
she knew any doctor hated to lose a patient, especially a young one, but this went far deeper than that.
from his behavior, megan knew that mary's death had exposed a raw nerve in pesh-one that after two years still hadn't healed.
somehow he had seen his wife in mary, and once again, he wasn't able to save her.
after she had escorted mary's body back upstairs to wait on the funeral home, megan went in search of pesh.
she couldn't find him in any of the exam rooms, nor was he in the doctors'lounge or break room.
finally, she went to kristi for answers.
" did you see where dr. nadeen went? "
kristi gave her a sad smile.
" you 'll probably find him on the roof. "
megan's brows shot up in surprise.
" the roof? "
kristi nodded.
" whenever he has a really bad day about his wife- " she sucked in a breath when she realized she might have said too much.
at the thought of pesh's grief, megan's chest tightened in agony.
he was too good of a man to have to suffer like he did.
" so he goes up to the roof? "
megan finished for kristi.
" he likes to be alone to clear his head.
although none of us would say anything, he usually ends up pulling another shift to make up for the time he was gone. "
of course pesh would do something like that.
he was honorable every moment of his life, even after those of immense grief.
even though she knew he probably wanted and needed to be alone, megan wanted to check on him.
she couldn't bear the thoughts of him suffering so much.
" um, if it's okay, i think i 'll go ahead and take my dinner break. "
kristi gave her a knowing look before nodding.
" sure, honey.
go right ahead. "
megan smiled before brushing past kristi.
she bypassed the break room where her purse was.
instead, she kept going.
after a brisk walk down the hall, she got to the authorized personnel only stairwell.
she didn't dare use the elevator shaft where trauma patients were brought in from being airlifted.
without hesitation, megan swiped her access card.
when the lock clicked, she flung the door open and started up the flights of stairs.
she was winded when she reached the top.
cautiously, her hand hovered over the doorknob.
she couldn't help wondering what she might find on the other side.
would pesh be an emotional mess?
would he be angry that she had interrupted his private grieving?
shaking the thoughts from her head, she flung open the door.
as she stepped onto the roof, the air grew cooler.
a breeze rippled her scrubs.
her gaze spun around frantically until she found him.
pesh stood at the edge of the roof.
his usual ramrod straight posture was slumped, his broad shoulders drawn in.
although she couldn't see his face, his gaze seemed fixed straight ahead into the night sky.
to add insult to injury, clouds blotted out the stars, cloaking everything in darkness.
tentatively, she started over to him.
" hey, " she said softly.
he whirled around in surprise.
her heart clenched at the sight of the tears sparkling in his eyes.
even in the darkness, she could see a blood-red flush entering his cheeks.
his hands quickly came up to swipe away the moisture from his eyes.
" hello, " he finally replied in a hoarse whisper.
they stood in an awkward silence, staring each other down.
finally, megan took a step forward to close the gap between them.
" how did you know i was up here? "
he asked.
" kristi told me. "
" hmm. "
unable to stop herself, she reached out to touch his arm.
" i'm so sorry, pesh. "
" it isn't necessary. "
she shook her head.
" yes, it is.
you're in pain... you've been in pain.
i can't help but feel sorry for what you're going through. "
his usually warm eyes took on a cold look.
" you were in that elevator, too.
you have every right to be emotional.
maybe you should be more concerned with why you aren't weeping. "
" don't, " she murmured.
" don't what? "
" don't try to mask your pain by being someone you're not or by pointing fingers at others.
that isn't you, and you can't fool me. "
with a ragged sigh, pesh jerked his hand through his dark, wavy hair.
" i'm sorry.
that was completely uncalled for. "
" it's okay. "
" no, it's- " she silenced him by bringing her hand up to cover his lips.
when she pulled her hand away, he sighed.
" talk to me, " megan pleaded.
the clouds above them opened up, causing a slight drizzle to fall.
" the death of a patient is never easy.
any doctor of worth, or nurse for that matter, must possess compassion.
then it is inevitable that the same compassion you possess will come back to haunt you-it may even cripple you.
when death comes, you can't help feeling for the life that has been lost and for the family members left behind. "
his voice choked off, and megan drew herself even closer to him.
she knew that his last statement held personal meaning for him.
" what exactly happened to your wife? "
she questioned softly.
pesh's eyes closed.
" jade had an undiagnosed clotting condition.
she was adopted, so she didn't know anything really about her family history.
she 'd always been in perfect health-she rarely even went to the doctor with the sniffles.
and after we 'd been married for three years, we decided it was time to have a baby. "
when pesh remained silent, megan tentatively asked, " did she die in childbirth? "
he shook his head.
" no, we never got that far.
we tried for over a year to get pregnant on our own, and it didn't happen.
so we were recommended to a fertility clinic.
once the iui process didn't work, we started ivf. "
a ragged sigh came from deep in his chest.
" the whole process was physically trying and then emotionally gutting for both of us, but especially for jade. "
he met her gaze.
" she blamed herself since the testing revealed that everything was fine with me.
although we were labeled as 'non-specific infertility,'she felt that it was all her fault. "
" bless her heart, " megan murmured, as her heart went out to a woman she 'd never met.
getting pregnant had been so easy for her.
although mason wasn't necessarily expected, he had never been unwanted in her eyes.
but she knew what infertility did to a woman when she saw it ravage her father's sister.
although her aunt was now the happy and doting mother of two adopted girls, she knew the emotional toil not getting pregnant had taken.
megan, herself, had once been the recipient of her aunt's childless pain when she had announced her pregnancy with mason.
still without answers as to how jade had died, megan pressed pesh for more.
" so what happened with the ivf? "
" she got pregnant on the first transfer only to miscarry three weeks later.
we had just been through another transfer when she died. "
pesh's adam's apple bobbed up and down as he swallowed hard.
megan could only imagine he was trying to keep his emotions in check.
finally, he spoke again.
" she had an embolism most likely brought on by the fertility medication.
i was in the kitchen making breakfast when i heard a crash in the bedroom. "
tears pooled in his eyes.
" when i called her name and she didn't answer, i ran back to her.
she was crumpled on the bedroom floor.
after calling 911, i did cpr over and over again, but i could never revive her. "
" oh pesh, " megan murmured.
the weight of his pain was so heavy that even she found it hard to breathe.
without looking at her, he continued staring straight ahead.
" from what the medical examiner said, i have some peace in knowing she didn't suffer-that she went quickly without any fear or pain.
one minute she was getting ready for work, and the next she was gone. "
" it's true that there is some peace, especially the fact she didn't know she was going to die.
sometimes i can't imagine what it must be like for terminal patients. "
she shuddered.
" when you wonder if every day is your last, when you have to think about all you're going to miss. "
" yes, that is true, " he said, in a hushed whisper.
when he finally turned to look at her, he gave her a sad smile.
" it's been two years.
every time i think i've moved on, that i've been able to compartmentalize my grief, a case comes through that brings me to my knees. "
" i'm so sorry, " megan murmured, bringing her hand up to cup his cheek.
he leaned his face into her hand.
his head bowed until their foreheads met.
" you have to remember that no matter what happened to your wife, and to mary, it wasn't your fault.
you weren't responsible.
you need to keep living.
you're alive. "
tilting her head up, she gazed into his dark brown eyes.
" you're alive, " she repeated.
the rain began to fall harder.
her eyelids fluttered to keep the moisture out of her eyes as she gazed up at him.
his mouth hovered next to hers, his breath warming her cheek.
she could barely breathe in that moment.
it was like every molecule in her body was pulsing with need.
silently, she pleaded with her eyes for him to kiss her.
and then, after what felt like an eternity, he slid his lips over hers.
it wasn't the first time she had kissed him-it was just the first time she was sober and had kissed him.
now her senses were heightened, and she could experience exactly what she was feeling.
his lips were tender and soft at first, and then they switched over to desperate and demanding.
it was like he was breathing her in with every brush of his lips and stroke of his tongue as if to prove to himself that he truly was alive.
his tongue danced along hers, causing her to moan.
he brought his hands up to cup her face while her arms went around his chest, pulling him closer to her.
drops of rain pelted her head and ran down her cheeks while pesh's white coat grew moist as she ran her hands up and down his back.
she realized, in a dizzying flurry, that no man had ever kissed her like this before.
this was like lovemaking with their mouths, and she never wanted it to end.
when pesh finally tore his lips from hers, megan's breaths came in heaving pants.
her eyes opened to stare up at him.
his expression turned from lust to anguish.
he shook his head.
" i'm sorry. "
" pesh, you don't- " he held up his hand.
" please, just go. "
he turned away from her, wrapping his arms around his chest.
torn, megan didn't know if she should argue with him and stay or leave.
" please, " he whispered.
with her heart still beating wildly from their passionate lip-lock, she turned and fled.
as she pounded back down the stairs, her emotions yo-yoed to where she felt like a watch that had been wound too tight.
after bursting back through the door, kristi met her in the hallway.
her eyes widened at megan's appearance.
" i, uh, i went outside on my dinner break, and it started raining, " megan lied.
" next time you 'll have to remember your umbrella, " kristi replied.
megan nodded.
" yeah, i will. "
" why don't you go to the break room?
there's a hair dryer under the sink.
when you finish drying off, i could really use you in the supply closet doing inventory.
seems like we always almost run out of everything at once. "
" sure.
i can do that. "
as megan turned to go down the hallway, kristi reached out and grabbed her arm.
" is he okay? "
megan bit down on her lip to keep a hysterical laugh from escaping.
was pesh okay?
was she okay?
who the hell knew?
one minute he 'd been weeping about his wife and losing a patient, and the next he 'd been liquid passion dripping on her lips.
regardless of his emotional whiplash, she 'd experienced the same.
she now found herself wanting more of his kisses when she shouldn't.
but it wasn't just the kiss she wanted-she wanted all of him and not just for sex.
" no, he's not.
i guess he's just trying to accept the loss, both past and present, as best he can, " she finally replied.
kristi nodded in acknowledgement.
when megan felt she was free from any more questioning, she hurried down the hall to the break room.
thankfully, she found it empty.
after grabbing a brush from her purse, she went to the sink to grab the hair dryer.
gazing at her reflection in the mirror, she looked a bedraggled mess.
she was practically washed out except for her lips.
they were swollen and bright red from pesh's kisses.
her finger came up to trace her bottom lip.
as memories of his kisses filled her mind, she tried desperately to think of anything else.
in the end, she had gone up to the roof to somehow save pesh, and instead, she had lost herself to him and his emotions.
chapter thirteen pesh regretfully watched megan's retreating form.
he cursed under his breath as she disappeared into the stairwell.
what was his problem?
the woman had been merely comforting him, and he had allowed his libido to take over.
he had promised her he would keep his distance.
regardless of the flirting and easy banter between them, he had kept things professional.
now she probably felt trapped and harassed by him.
she tried to talk to him about it, and he 'd dismissed her.
he paced around the rooftop as the rain that had soaked him to the bone began to dissipate.
his mind was a jangled mess of thoughts and emotions.
one voice argued over and over that megan had wanted him to kiss her-that the look in her eyes told the truth.
but pesh worried that in his agony he had misread the signals she may or may not have been giving.
in the end, he 'd made a terrible situation even worse by not being able to control his feelings for megan.
with a frustrated grunt, he realized he had to make things right with her.
he needed to apologize.
casting one last look out over the horizon, he then turned and started for the stairwell.
after pounding downstairs, he searched the hallway for any signs of megan.
when he spotted kristi, he was surprised not to see megan with her.
" where's megan? "
he asked.
" oh, since we're kinda slow tonight, i asked her to go work in the storage closet.
we're behind on inventory and cataloguing. "
" i see. "
kristi eyed him up and down before shaking her head.
" you're drenched. "
" it's raining outside. "
" so i've heard, " she said knowingly.
" what does that mean? "
he asked.
she waved her hand.
" nothing.
why don't you do us both a favor and go get out of those wet clothes?
the last thing we need is you coming down with something. "
pesh knew it was fruitless to argue with her.
instead, he tucked his tail between his legs and made his way to the doctors'lounge.
he took a clean pair of pants and shirt out of his locker.
after he slid on a new white coat, he strode down the hall to the medicine closet.
after swiping his key card, he entered the room.
when he closed the door behind him, megan turned around, gazing expectantly at him.
now that he was in front of her, he didn't know exactly what to say.
he had been on an emotional overload on the roof, and things had escalated far too quickly.
" look, i just want to say how very sorry i am about kissing you. "
" well i'm not, " she replied matter-of-factly.
pesh's neck snapped back in shock.
her response wasn't what he was expecting at all.
he had imagined she might be relieved or even embarrassed, but he hadn't imagined that she would be unregretful.
he cleared his throat.
" regardless, i shouldn't have done it.
i was in an emotionally vulnerable position, and you were merely trying to comfort me.
nothing more. "
his words were more for his own good than hers.
she shook her head.
" just because i was comforting you, doesn't mean i didn't want you to kiss me.
that i still don't want to kiss you again. "
his brows furrowed in confusion.
" but you- " " pesh, i've wanted you since the night of noah's baptism.
but you shot me down then, and you still do. "
although his heart wanted to soar at her admission of wanting him, the reality of her words caused his chest to clench instead.
" sexually.
you only want me sexually. "
" yes. "
he should have been flattered that a young, sexy woman like megan desired him.
but he wasn't.
half of the women in the hospital would be willing for him to drag them to an empty patient's room for a quick and dirty screw.
but that's not who he was.
he had never been that way with women, and he didn't see how it could be possible to change.
all he wanted was for her to really see him and how good he could be for her.
how good they would be for each other.
he thought that was what she was feeling in the moments before and after he kissed her.
but now it seemed it was once again only lust.
although it was probably pointless, he couldn't help putting everything out there once again.
" but when we were up on the roof, there wasn't a moment where you wanted more from me than just sex? "
he licked his lips and took a step toward her.
" just a second where you could imagine your life with me in it? "
megan stared at him, her expression contemplative.
for a brief moment, pesh thought by her hesitation that she had changed her mind about him.
but then she shook her head.
" how many times are you going to make me hurt you with this?
you're too good for me, pesh.
we both know that.
i 'll remind you again of some of the reasons i'm not the one for you.
i'm twenty-five, and you're thirty-seven.
you want a wife, and i'm not ready to be married. "
her words cut into his chest the same as if she had taken a sharp blade to him.
she may have had to repeat herself this time, but he realized the finality of her words.
and then an idea hit him so hard that he shuddered-a true light bulb moment and epiphany.
there was only one way he was going to get to have his sweet megan, and that was if he gave in to her.
he would have to become someone else for her, even if it was just for a little while.
he could distract her with sex that she both desired and demanded, but at the same time, he would make her fall in love with him.
it could work.
it had to.
cocking his head at her, he questioned, " so let me get this straight once and for all.
you would let me... " he paused, fighting the conflict within himself to say what he needed to.
he drew in a ragged breath.
" you would let me f**k you but not love you? "
her eyes widened at his word choice.
" what's gotten into you? "
he shrugged nonchalantly, feeling slightly empowered in the dr. jekyll and mr. hyde moment.
" i merely asked a simple question. "
she snorted exasperatedly.
" yeah, about... " she swallowed hard.
" fucking, of all things. "
" yes. "
megan shook her head wildly back and forth.
" i can barely acknowledge hearing you say the word, least of all you doing that. "
" you can't imagine me- " she held up her hand.
" you're not the type of man to f**k, " she countered.
crossing his arms over his chest, he countered, " oh really?
i'm too nice of a guy? "
" something like that. "
" i am a man, megan.
we all have needs.
isn't f**king one of them? "
her body trembled slightly at his words.
she licked her lips before replying, " s-stop saying that word-it isn't you. "
" so, f**king isn't me?
don't tell me you think i'm totally asexual-that you can't imagine me f**king a woman... fucking you. "
he eased in closer to her.
" we both know for a fact that you wanted nothing more than to f**k me the night of noah's baptism.
given the chance right now, you 'd let me strip off your scrubs and f**k you up against the medicine cabinet. "
as her chest heaved up and down, she took a step back from him, bumping against the counter.
" but you don't say things like that.
you're refined.
you're a gentleman, " she whispered.
" it may have been a while, but even a gentleman like me enjoys f**king. "
he closed the gap between them.
" what are you doing? "
she whispered.
" i'm giving you what you want. "
" you're giving in? "
" yeah, why not? "
as he dipped his head, his mouth hovered over hers.
" if you really want me to take you, then kiss me. "
without a moment's hesitation, megan crashed her lips against his.
the kiss was hard and desperately seeking more.
as his tongue thrust into her mouth, his hand came to her breast.
tenderly, he cupped the flesh, feeling the weight fill his hand.
unsatisfied with the lack of contact, he pulled his hand away and slid it underneath megan's top.
over her bra, he kneaded her breast again, feeling her nipple harden under his touch.
he felt his erection grow at the sound of her whimper.
he wanted nothing more than to strip off all her clothes and kiss every inch of her body.
megan's mouth popped off of his, and she stared up at him with hooded eyes.
" what about someone finding us? "
" i 'll lock the door, " he replied.
reluctantly, he pulled away from her to walk back over to the door.
after he turned the lock, he made sure to push a box in front of it as well.
they would have enough warning if someone were to try to use their card to come in.
with his hands on her shoulders, he steered her behind one of the floor-to-ceiling shelves, concealing them even further from potential prying eyes.
" now where were we? "
he asked, with a smile.
she grinned and wrapped her arms around his neck.
" i think you were getting acquainted with second base. "
" yes, i remember now. "
instead of his hands going back to her br**sts, he pulled her flush against him.
as his lips met hers, he slipped his arms around her waist.
he grabbed the globes of her ass and squeezed, causing megan to moan into his mouth.
his hands gripped her flesh, urging her upward.
rising on her tiptoes, she allowed him to hoist her up.
her legs wrapped around his waist.
once he had secured her to him, he rammed them back, until they bumped into the wall.
he ground his pelvis into her core, letting her feel how much he truly wanted her.
" mmm, " she murmured, as he continued rubbing against her.
one of her hands abandoned his shoulder and slid down his back to squeeze his ass.
his fingers jerked her hair back, pulling her lips back from his.
he gazed into her heavy lidded eyes before his mouth dipped to her neck.
his tongue slid up her jugular, feeling her racing pulse.
" so you 'll let me inside your body but not your heart? "
he demanded.
" yes.
please pesh. "
now that he had her right where he wanted her, it was time to put his plan into motion.
" if i give you an orgasm, you 'll have to go on a date with me. "
her eyes widened through her panting.
" you can't be serious. "
" oh, but i am.
give and take, megan.
i give you what you want- " he paused in his thrusts to let his fingers dip into the waist band of her scrubs.
through the thin scrap of her thong, his hand caressed her, causing her to whimper.
" which is to explode in bliss. "
as he continued stroking her, she hissed in a breath as she glared at him.
" you want me pretty bad, don't you, megan? "
he asked, as his fingertips felt of her growing moisture.
her fingernails dug into his shoulders.
" yes.
god, yes, i do. "
" so let me give you this pleasure.
i want nothing more than to see you come apart. "
he licked his lips.
" then you 'll let me take you out. "
her eyelids fluttered, and she bit down on her lip.
he could tell she was internally raging war with herself about what to do.
as his fingers sped up their tempo against her clit, her head fell back against the wall.
" you don't play fair, " she groaned.
he momentarily eased his hand off of her.
" i don't want to play games with you at all, but you leave me no choice. "
he lowered his head to kiss her again.
" all i want is you, " he murmured.
" fine, fine. "
" fine what? "
he questioned, as he looked her in the eye.
" make me come, and i 'll go out on a date with you. "
he smiled before easing her back onto her feet.
when he sank to his knees before her, megan's brows furrowed in confusion.
he then gripped the waistband of her scrubs.
he eased them down, along with her panties, never taking his eyes off hers.
when he had them down to her ankles, he rose back up.
grabbing her by the waist, he shifted her to the side where she bumped into the counter.
he gripped her h*ps once again and raised her up to where her butt rested on the cool formica.
he slid her pants and thong over her shoes, letting the drop into floor below him.
he was so far gone with desire that he didn't stop to think how long it had been since he had gone down on a woman.
he pushed the voices out of his head when they reminded him of how jade had teasingly called his tongue a master of orgasms.
instead, he focused on the beautiful, panting woman before him as she widened her legs invitingly for him.
when he slid his tongue slowly up megan's wet slit, they both shuddered.
he took one of her legs and propped her foot on his shoulder, so he could get better access to her while he pushed her other thigh further open.
her pink, glistening center was laid out beautifully before him.
as his tongue flicked and teased her swollen clit, megan threw her head back and moaned.
his lips closed over her clit, sucking it hard.
her h*ps began to rock back and forth.
he knew it wasn't going to take him long to make her come-she was too ready for this.
it had been a long time for her as well.
he resisted using his fingers.
instead, he spread her apart and then thrust his tongue rhythmically inside her.
megan's cries grew louder to where he brought his hand up and clamped it over her lips.
the last thing they needed was someone banging on the door.
as he felt her walls tensing, she reached out to twist her fingers in his hair.
he welcomed the pain as she went over the edge, convulsing and screaming against his hand.
when megan's walls finishing clenching and pulsing, pesh removed his tongue from inside her.
he placed butterfly kisses against her core and then on the insides of her thighs.
when he finally glanced up, he found megan staring at him, a combustive mix of emotions swirling in her blue eyes.
" that was... " smiling, he rose up from the floor.
his hands gently came to her waist.
he was just about to pull her down when she stopped him.
" don't.
i can't even feel my legs right now. "
he brushed her hair back from her face.
" it has been a long time, hasn't it? "
she shook her head.
" how about never has it been like that. "
he couldn't help staring at her incredulously.
" what do you mean? "
" i mean, that i've never gotten off like that. "
she gave him a sheepish grin.
" at least not with a man. "
at her insinuation, he felt warmth enter his face.
" are you blushing about me mentioning masturbating? "
" no, i'm not, " he protested feebly.
megan laughed.
" you really are something else, you know that? "
" i am? "
" hell yes.
one minute you've got your tongue buried inside me, giving me the most intense orgasm of my life, and then the next you're blushing.
it's like you became another person a few minutes ago.
you were forceful and domineering. "
a shudder rippled through her as she raised her brows.
" do you always get like that when it comes to sex? "
pesh felt even more warmth creeping into his cheeks.
how she could talk so frankly without any pants on, he had no idea.
" we should cover you up. "
" you were enjoying the view a few minutes ago. "
she leaned over and winked at him.
" a very up-close and personal view. "
he rubbed his hands over his face.
" honestly, i don't know what came over me.
i came in here to tell you i was sorry and that you wouldn't have to worry about me coming on to you again. "
and then all hell had broken loose.
it was like he had been fried with the electrical current from the paddles on the crash cart.
he 'd decided to become another person to win her and damned if he had.
almost too easily for his liking.
what had he said to her in the heat of the moment?
he stared intently at her.
" all i could think of was how much i wanted you and what it would take to have you. "
" you really wanted me that much? "
she asked, her brows rising in surprise.
" yes, i did. "
with a coy smile, she scooted to the edge of the counter.
she wrapped her legs around his waist and drew him closer to her.
" what about you? "
she asked, as her hand cupped his erection through his pants.
his h*ps bucked involuntarily, and he closed his eyes, trying to steady himself.
" this wasn't about me, " he murmured.
" i can't let you go back on the floor with a hard-on. "
she licked up the side of his face, causing him to shudder.
" i owe you at least a happy ending after those multiple orgasms you just gave me. "
his closed eyes popped open.
" multiple did you say? "
she giggled.
" yeah. "
" then that means you owe me multiple dates, right? "
megan reached around to smack his ass.
" you're a bad boy trying to trick me. "
" i'm sorry.
i play dirty when i have to. "
without another word, megan unbuttoned and unzipped him.
she eased his pants and boxer shorts off his hips.
when his erection was freed, she glanced between them.
" hmm, pretty impressive. "
he started to laugh at her remark, but when she gripped him in her hand, he gasped.
all coherent thoughts flew out of his mind as she stroked his length up and down, alternating from smooth slides to hard tugs.
" would you rather it was my mouth on you than my hand? "
she asked.
" feels good no matter what, " he muttered, his head dipping to rest against her shoulder.
her breath scorched against his ear.
" mmm, i love that you're so hard.
just for me, right? "
" yes, " he panted.
" just for you.
only you. "
flicking her tongue out, she encircled his lobe and the shell of his ear.
" can you imagine what it would be like to bury yourself deep inside me? "
her words were having too much of an effect on him.
the dirty talk, coupled with the way she had her hand on him, caused him to tighten up.
he tried to pull away, but she kept hold of him.
and then he was coming undone.
when he finally came back to himself, he opened his eyes to see that he 'd come on megan's exposed thighs.
" i'm sorry, " he said.
" it's okay.
it was worth it to see your o face. "
she smiled dreamily at him.
" god, you were beautiful. "
since he 'd never had a woman tell him that, he couldn't help flushing.
he pulled away from her to search for something to clean her up with.
finally, he found a roll of paper towels.
when he returned to her, he gently wiped himself off her skin.
after he finished, he helped her down off the counter.
" i 'll go out first.
i need to clean up.
and so do you. "
he gave a brief nod.
he was having trouble processing all the emotions swirling through his mind.
" so when it is? "
she asked.
" when is what? "
he asked dumbly.
he was still far too obliterated by a simple hand job to be processing coherent thoughts.
" our date. "
he had almost forgotten what he asked of her.
out of the heat of the moment, he felt guilty for what he had done.
he shook his head.
" no, i wasn't being fair.
you don't owe me a date. "
" yes, i do.
i always keep my promises. "
" you're really going to go out with me? "
she grinned.
" of course i am. "
his heartbeat sped up.
" are you off this saturday? "
" yes. "
" you don't have plans? "
" no, i don't. "
" and you can get someone to watch your son? "
" yessss, " she replied, with a smile.
" okay, then let's do it saturday. "
" do what exactly? "
" the date. "
she laughed.
" yes, but what are we doing? "
" it's a surprise. "
tilting her head, she eyed him suspiciously.
" i'm not sure i like the sound of that. "
" i promise you 'll like it. "
" what should i wear for this surprise date? "
already the wheels had been turning in his head.
since it might be his only chance, he knew he wanted to make the date as special as he could.
" wear something dressy.
we might be going somewhere that requires more formal wear than jeans. "
" okay, i think i can do that. "
at the sound of his pager, he grimaced.
" guess i 'll be the one leaving first. "
without hesitating, he bowed his head to kiss her.
just like before, the feel of her mouth against his lit him on fire.
reluctantly, he pulled away.
" go wash up first. "
her breath warmed his cheek before she glanced up into his eyes.
" i can taste myself on you. "
he closed his eyes as a shudder went through his body.
" you're trying to kill me. "
she flashed him a wicked grin.
" sorry.
it's the truth. "
" behave yourself, " he replied, before he headed to the door.
chapter fourteen with less than ten minutes before pesh was set to arrive for their date, megan found herself a neurotic mess still holed in the bathroom.
she 'd changed outfits at least three times before deciding on a black and white lace dress that came just to her knees.
it had actually come out of the back of her closet-one of the tamer remnants of her wilder days.
pesh had told her to wear something dressy, and it did fall into the dressy category, although it was probably a little sexier than she would have liked.
while she 'd pulled her long hair back into a loose knot at the back of her neck, she was now rethinking her strategy.
if she 'd left her hair down, it would cover more of the exposed skin that the spaghetti straps and neck of the dress showed.
glancing at her phone one more time, she cringed.
" fuck it, " she muttered, before spritzing on some perfume.
after the fragrant cloud faded, she headed out of the bathroom.
she grabbed her purse and headed upstairs.
when she came into the kitchen, a loud, cat-calling whistle pierced her ear.
she scowled at sean.
" seriously? "
he shrugged.
" you look hot, sis. "
gavin, who stood beside sean at the counter, nodded.
" we never see you in anything but scrubs. "
megan couldn't help smiling at her brothers.
" thank you. "
wagging his brows, gavin asked, " got a hot date, huh? "
" not exactly, " she replied, as she went to grab her purse.
" yeah right, " he mumbled under his breath.
after slinging her purse on her shoulder, she whirled around to pin him with her stare.
" and what's that supposed to mean? "
" it means that chicks don't get dressed up like that for nothing.
you obviously want to impress this guy.
so, it's obviously a hot date. "
" since when did you become the love guru? "
she questioned.
sean grinned as he elbowed gavin.
" she's getting riled, man.
being irrational about little things usually means love. "
megan opened her mouth to lay into her brothers, but then found herself speechless, so she closed it back up.
without another word to her brothers, she went into the living room.
she found her dad lounging in his chair with mason snuggled to his side.
when her dad looked up, he did a double take.
" don't you look beautiful, sweetheart, " he said.
she bent down and kissed his cheek.
" thanks, daddy. "
mason tore his gaze away from the television to look at her.
" mommy, bye-bye? "
this was one question she hadn't anticipated explaining.
" yes, mommy is going to go see a friend today, and you're going to stay here with grammy and granddad. "
his tiny brows furrowed.
" mace no go? "
guilt rocketed through her.
how could she spend one of her few off days away from her son?
the doorbell rang, and she was forced out of her self-loathing to answer the door.
taking a deep breath, she opened it.
her heart did a funny little flip-flop at the sight of pesh on the porch.
it wasn't just how handsome he looked in his khaki pants, red button-down polo shirt, and black blazer.
it was also the fact he held a dozen red roses in his hand.
" hi, " she said shyly, after they had stared at each other for a few seconds.
he smiled.
" hello. "
" would you like to come in? "
as he nodded, she stepped aside to give him room to come in the door.
he turned back to her and held out the roses.
" these are for you. "
after the words left his lips, he grimaced, as if what he had said offended him.
" they're beautiful.
thank you. "
" bye-bye kiss, mommy! "
mason called from the living room.
she smiled apologetically at pesh.
" i'm sorry.
i 'll just be one minute. "
" take your time. "
she hurried across the foyer and into the living room.
she deposited the roses onto one of the tables.
" i 'll be back tonight.
you be a good boy, okay? "
she said, when she got to her father's chair.
she leaned over and kissed both of mason's cheeks.
" give mommy a kiss. "
he gave her a smacking kiss on the cheek.
" bye, my love, " megan said, before turning and heading out of the room.
she 'd just reached pesh's side when he glanced past her.
" what? "
she asked.
" i think we have a potential stowaway, " he replied, with a smile.
she whirled around to see mason standing in the foyer.
" what's wrong, baby? "
" no go, " he whimpered.
she glanced up at pesh.
" i'm sorry.
he usually is fine about me leaving him. "
she knelt down beside mason.
" i won't be gone long, and you 'll have much more fun here with grammy and granddad.
pesh and i are doing boring, big people stuff. "
" no go! "
he cried, as big tears pooled in his eyes.
pesh knelt down beside her.
" hey buddy, don't cry.
i'm not going to take your mommy away from you. "
" mace go? "
he asked hopefully.
megan shook her head.
" no, sweetheart, i told you that we were going to do big people things today. "
" that's true, " pesh said.
then he smiled at mason.
" but that doesn't mean we can't take a little detour first. "
megan's widened her eyes in surprise.
" what do you mean? "
" why don't we take mason to lunch at his favorite place? "
" you don't mean that, " megan argued.
pesh cut his gaze over to her.
" sure, i do.
i can adjust our reservations. "
she couldn't help staring at him in shock.
how was it possible he was so willing to change his plans simply because mason didn't want her to leave?
she fought the urge to reach out and touch his shoulder to make sure he was real-he was far too good to be true at times.
" is that okay with you? "
pesh asked her.
" of course it's all right with me.
i was worried about it not being okay with you. "
" i wouldn't have suggested it if i didn't mean it. "
he reached out and ruffled mason's hair.
" all right, buddy, where do you want to go for lunch? "
" cheese!
cheese! "
he cried, as he bobbed up and down.
megan groaned as pesh's expression grew confused.
" he wants to eat cheese? "
he asked.
" no, he wants to go to chuck e. cheese-every parent's worst nightmare. "
pesh chuckled as he rose up from the floor.
" all right then.
chuck e. cheese it is. "
" go get your shoes, " megan instructed.
as mason raced back into the living room, megan stood up.
" you really don't have to do this. "
" honestly, i don't mind.
we can go have lunch with mason, and then we can start our date.
i'm sure he 'll be worn out and ready for a nap when we get back, right? "
" yes, he will. "
" good.
then he won't have any reason to miss you if he's asleep. "
she smiled at his thoughtfulness.
" thank you.
i really mean that. "
" you're welcome. "
he reached out and brushed her cheek.
when he started to lean in to kiss her, mason ran back into the foyer with his shoes.
pesh quickly jerked back.
to combat the awkwardness, megan busied herself with getting mason's shoes on.
when she finished, mason bounded over to pesh and grabbed his hand.
" go!
go! "
pesh laughed at mason's enthusiasm.
he held his other hand out for megan.
she slid her hand into his and then they started to the car.
as megan walked through the doors of their local chuck e. cheese, she recoiled slightly at both the ear- splintering noise and the stomach-turning smells.
she also fought her embarrassment at the looks she and pesh were getting for their more formal outfits.
" i think we're a little overdressed, " she said.
he held up his index finger and thumb before pinching them close together.
" just a little bit. "
tugging on pesh's hand, mason dragged him over to the toddler area of games.
megan quickly dug in her purse for some money for tickets.
after she bought them, she went over to pesh.
" i 'll go grab us some pizza. "
she waved the tickets at him.
" once these are gone, he's done. "
" i don't mind getting him more. "
she shook her head.
" trust me.
he's done. "
" okay then, " he replied good-naturedly.
megan felt completely at ease leaving pesh to watch mason.
she got them a couple of slices of mason's favorite, pepperoni, along with some drinks and then made her way over to a table close to the toddler area.
when she caught pesh's eye, she waved them over.
after several tense moments, he was finally able to convince mason to leave the play area to come and eat.
as mason bounced around in his seat, megan knew she would be doing good to get four bites of pizza down him before he was raring to go play again.
she also had a fear that she, pesh, or the both of them were going to be wearing tomato sauce before it was all said and done.
" this place is very interesting, " pesh remarked, as he gazed around.
megan laughed.
" have you never had the pleasure? "
" sadly no.
my brother, arjan's, and his children live in florida, so i've really never had a reason to come. "
" you've dodged a bullet there.
that's for sure. "
he smiled before taking a bite of his pizza.
his expression turned so sour that megan couldn't help giggling.
" this is terrible, " he muttered.
" i should have warned you not to bother eating.
it only seems appetizing to small children who are hyped up on adrenaline. "
he took a long swig from his coke and swished the liquid around like he was trying to rid himself of the taste.
when he caught mason looking at him, he put on a fake smile.
" mmm, that's good pizza.
you better eat yours before i do. "
" nice save, " she murmured.
he winked at her as he threw his napkin on his plate.
she couldn't believe when her heart fluttered at his gesture.
it was almost impossible to believe that she could be getting feelings for him in the middle of chuck e. cheese.
" done.
go play, " mason announced, bringing her out of her thoughts.
she shook her head.
" i don't think so.
you need to eat more. "
mason scowled at her before grabbing another bite and shoveling it into his mouth.
he managed to clean his plate with a little coaxing from pesh.
then the two of them went back over to the play area.
as megan watched them, the small ache in her chest began to grow.
pesh was completely hands on, hoisting mason up where he could reach things and then catching him when he came off the slide.
he seemed to genuinely enjoy spending time with mason.
some guys would have played with mason only to get on her good side.
but pesh didn't have an agenda when it came to her, unless it was to have her embrace the idea of a relationship with him.
when the last ticket was spent, she rose off her chair.
" okay, time to go. "
mason's face scrunched up, and he looked like at any minute he might throw a tantrum to stay.
but pesh took his hand.
" we 'll come back another time. "
his reply seemed to pacify mason, and he happily slung his and pesh's arm back and forth as they walked to the car.
when they got buckled up, megan turned back to mason.
" what do you say to pesh for bringing you? "
" tank you, esh, " mason said.
his words sent a broad grin stretching across pesh's face.
" you're welcome, buddy.
i had a good time. "
when he glanced over at megan, she gave him a genuine smile.
" i had a good time, too. "
taking one of his hands off the steering wheel, he reached over to take her hand in his.
while the gesture was a little too lovey-dovey for her liking, she didn't argue with him.
instead, she just enjoyed his touch.
once they had deposited a sleepy mason back home at megan's, they abandoned her suv and gotten into pesh's jaguar.
" so where exactly are we going? "
megan asked, as she buckled her seat belt.
" it's a surprise. "
" seriously?
you're still playing coy about it? "
" for just a little while longer. "
she shifted in her seat where she could look at him better.
" can i try to guess? "
" i suppose.
i'm not sure i 'd tell you even if you guess, " he teased.
" are we going to atlanta? "
he cut his gaze from the road over to her.
" have patience. "
crossing her arms over her chest, she huffed, " i don't have patience for games. "
" okay, i 'll give you a little hint.
actually, it's more of a question than it is a hint. "
" yeah? "
" do you have a fear of heights? "
she snorted.
" no, i don't.
why? "
he gave her a sly grin.
" i told you.
it's a hint. "
" i went skydiving when i turned twenty-one, so i'm totally fine with heights.
of course, i seriously doubt we're going sky diving in these clothes. "
" no, we're not. "
she wrinkled her nose.
" please tell me it's not box seats at the opera or something like that. "
his face fell.
" you don't like the opera? "
" never been and never want to. "
pesh appeared almost personally insulted.
" i'm going to have to change your mind on that one. "
" why am i not surprised you like opera? "
" don't knock it until you've tried it. "
" a bunch of screeching men and women singing in a language i don't understand?
not my idea of a good time. "
" but there is such love and passion in their delivery, " he argued.
" um, i'm just going to have to agree to disagree with you. "
" for now at least, " he said, with a wink.
when the car started slowing down, megan peered out the windshield before turning to pesh.
" we're at mccollum? "
" yes. "
" you're taking me flying? "
he smiled.
" yes, i am. "
even though she had known he had a plane from how he 'd helped get aidan to noah's delivery, she couldn't believe their date included something as unique as flying.
" so let me get this straight.
i'm dressed like this, " she did a little hand motion over her dress, " to go flying? "
an amused look twinkled in his dark eyes.
" you have absolutely no patience, do you? "
" no, i don't. "
as he put the car in park outside the hanger, he turned to her.
" by your lack of being able to withhold gratification, i'm assuming you've never partaken in any tantric sex? "
she couldn't stop her mouth from dropping to her chest.
" w-what? "
she stammered.
turning in his seat, he pinned her with a hard stare.
" have i managed to shock you again? "
unable to speak, she merely bobbed her head.
pesh only chuckled at her response.
" come on.
let's get going. "
still in shock, she remained rooted to her seat.
when he came around to open her door, she peered up at him.
" tantric sex?
like sting, trudie styler, and tantric sex? "
" yes, i suppose so, " he replied, as he offered her his hand.
ordinarily, she wouldn't have taken it, but at the declaration that pesh was actually into something outside the sexual norms, she was too floored to argue with him.
" i didn't think you 'd like anything... kinky. "
pesh's dark eyes widened.
" tantric isn't kinky.
it's about connecting with your lover on a more intimate level.
it's about breathing them in and truly being one. "
" so it's not about marathon sex that lasts for days? "
he chuckled.
" you've gotten the more salacious side confused with what it actually is. "
megan pursed her lips at him as her mind whirled with the possibilities.
after all, if tantric sex with pesh was anywhere as good as his efforts in going down on her, she was one very lucky lady.
" i guess you 'll just have to educate me. "
they were interrupted by an air traffic controller with a headset.
" hey, dr. nadeen, how goes it? "
" good.
thank you.
everything ready to go, lewis? "
pesh asked, as he pumped the man's hand.
" gassed up and checked out.
we just need your flight plan. "
pesh's gaze went to megan before he said, " we 'll be flying into savannah/hilton head airport. "
" great.
thanks, " lewis replied, before he started back inside the hanger.
" you're taking me to savannah? "
she asked.
" for dinner and dancing.
i had originally intended on more, but we got a later start. "
" this is crazy.
you're crazy. "
he gave her a puzzled look.
" you don't like savannah? "
" no, i love it.
i just meant taking me four hours away for dinner. "
" it's not that long by plane. "
crossing her arms over her chest, she tilted her head at him.
" you couldn't just take me somewhere fancy in atlanta?
you have to fly me in your private plane to another city? "
he shrugged.
" why not? "
although it was probably unattractive, she couldn't help snorting with contempt.
" i'm probably going to sound a little like the line from pretty woman when she says she appreciates the seduction scene, but she's a sure thing. "
she patted her chest.
" i am a sure thing.
you don't have to go to all this trouble. "
his dark eyes narrowed.
" your way of thinking is precisely why i'm doing what i am. "
" what do you mean? "
" you've only been with men who wanted a sure thing-men who didn't even bother trying to imagine a future with you past when they came at the end of the night. "
she sucked in a breath at his words.
with his expression softening, he closed the gap between them.
" while you may only want sex from me, i want far more from you.
i want your time, but i also want you to understand that you're worthy of something special.
and if it takes planes and fancy meals to prove it to you, then i'm going to do it. "
after his argument, megan sat frozen in dumbfounded silence.
how was it possible that he knew so much about her?
he was right in the fact that she settled for being the'sure thing'for the guys she dated in the past.
she knew she didn't want to make those mistakes again, so why shouldn't she let him try to wine and dine her?
" fine.
take me to savannah. "
he opened the passenger side door.
" here you go.
make sure you buckle your seat belt. "
she nodded before she dipped inside the plane.
pesh waited for her to adjust her dress before he closed the door.
as he walked around the front of the plane, she got busy finding the seat belt and buckling up.
once he climbed inside, he handed her a headset.
" this will help with the cabin noise. "
" it's going to mess my hair up, " she complained.
he laughed.
" i never took you as the type of woman who worried about her hair. "
she grinned as she eased the headset on.
" now you know.
i worry about my hair, and you get your freak on in the bedroom. "
he rolled his eyes at her and turned in his seat.
after placing his headset on, he started flipping switches and turning knobs.
the propeller on the front of the plane started whirling.
" so what kind of plane is this? "
she asked over the noise.
holding up a finger, he spoke into the mic on the headset.
" ground to tower, this is cessna 172 requesting to taxi for takeoff. "
suddenly the sound of the tower came over her headset.
" clearance for taxi and takeoff, cessna 172. "
" roger that, " pesh replied.
the plane lurched forward and then started taxing down the runaway.
" hmm, i'm guessing a cessna 172? "
pesh smiled.
" yes, it is. "
" it's nice.
i like it. "
" i hope you 'll be saying that again in a minute. "
megan knew what he meant when the plane started gaining speed down the runaway.
just like when she was on a commercial flight, it was on the ground one minute, and then in the air the next.
they soared into the blue sky while zipping through white, fluffy clouds.
once they had gained enough altitude, pesh eased off on the rudder and glanced over at her.
" you okay over there? "
she grinned.
" are you kidding me?
this is amazing. "
" i'm glad to hear you like it.
i didn't know if you were going to take after your uncle aidan. "
" i hear you gave him drugs to make it. "
pesh laughed.
" yeah, i did.
he slept most of the way there. "
" total wuss, " she remarked with a smile.
after adjusting one of the controls, pesh said, " well, i have to admit that my late wife wasn't a fan, either.
she tolerated flying with me because she knew how much i loved it, but most of the time, she 'd take a pill to relax. "
" so she didn't share your passion? "
" no, she didn't.
she always encouraged me to do what i loved.
she never was one to make me choose between her or something else.
she was that sacrificing. "
" that was really amazing of her to be that giving. "
when pesh remained silent, megan knew it was time for a conversation change.
" now that i know we're going to savannah, are you going to tell me where we're going for dinner? "
he smiled.
" it 'll probably be a late lunch when we get there. "
" so, where will our late lunch be? "
" do you like the historic district? "
" i love it. "
" good.
i've picked a restaurant there for us. "
" do you come to savannah often? "
" a couple of times a year, mainly for medical conferences on the coast. "
" and you always fly? "
" i do, " he replied, with a smile.
the flight took less time than she thought, and with clear weather, it was totally smooth.
as they started making their descent, pesh glanced over at her.
" are you ready for the landing? "
" sure.
why wouldn't i be? "
" it can be a little intense for some people.
you see a lot more of the ground rushing at you than when you're in a 747. "
she cocked her head at him.
" i went skydiving, remember? "
" ah, that's right. "
with a wink, he added, " you're my little adrenaline junkie. "
megan laughed.
" i was.
not anymore. "
" what changed all that? "
" mason.
when you're responsible for the health, safety, and happiness of someone else, your entire perspective changes. "
" he's a true gift. "
she jerked her gaze to him.
" yes, he is. "
pesh gave her a small smile before radioing the tower.
once he had clearance to land, they started rapidly losing altitude.
the runway got closer and closer until the plane jolted forward and then began skidding along the pavement.
when it finally came to a shuddering stop, megan exhaled the breath she 'd been holding.
" still okay? "
pesh asked.
she grinned.
" never better. "
the sound of the tower came in her headset as pesh listened to the instructions.
the plane started rolling toward one of the hangers.
once he had parked and powered down the plane, he got out to help her.
after a quick talk with a member of the grounds crew, pesh took her hand and led her out of the hanger.
a cab waited to take them into the city.
she laughed as she slid across the seat.
" what? "
pesh asked.
" i'm surprised by the cab.
i thought you might really go upscale by having a limo or chauffeur-driven car pick us up. "
" i like to stay humble, " he replied with a wink.
she shook her head at him before turning to gaze out the window at the scenery.
when they began winding through the antebellum homes of the historic district, megan felt her stomach growl.
she 'd been too nervous to eat breakfast, and then she hadn't dared eat at chuck e. cheese's.
the cab stopped outside a chic looking restaurant.
as pesh paid the driver, megan hopped out and took in the sights around her.
she loved the old world feel of the city with all its history and charm.
pesh offered her his arm, and then they walked inside.
the restaurant's popularity was evident in how crowded it was even at four in the afternoon.
they were ushered to a quiet, candlelit table.
" wine? "
pesh asked.
" yes please. "
" white okay? "
" sure. "
after the waiter left with their drink order, megan surveyed the menu and sighed.
" everything looks so good. "
glancing over his menu at her, pesh said, " with the cuisine being southern, i imagined you would like it. "
" i love all types of food.
trust me, as hungry as i am now, i would have eaten anywhere. "
the waiter returned with their wine, and megan knew she needed to make a decision.
" i 'll have the shrimp and grits, please. "
" very good, ma'am, " the waiter replied.
" i 'll have the same, " pesh said, handing the waiter his menu.
when megan grinned at him, his brows rose.
" what? "
" i'm just surprised to hear you eating something so southern as shrimp and grits. "
he tsked at her.
" when will you learn that you can never pigeonhole me as one thing or the other? "
she laughed.
" actually, i like that you're proving me wrong and being unexpected. "
" really? "
she nodded.
" sometimes i feel like people try to do the same thing to me.
people have their own assumptions about girls or women who get knocked up.
i hope i constantly prove them wrong. "
" i'm sure you do. "
after taking a sip of his wine, he cocked his head at her.
" prove me wrong on this one.
does a southern girl like you eat indian food? "
" oh yes, i love it. "
his dark eyes lit up.
" what's your favorite dish? "
" hmm, i love butter chicken, but i'm also a fan of pav bahaji. "
" i'm impressed.
emma had never eaten any indian food, and i don't think i made a good impression on her. "
pesh's chuckle died out, and he immediately grimaced at the mention of emma's name.
knowing that they were dancing around the white elephant in the room, megan reached across the table and patted his hand.
" it's okay that you're talking about emma. "
" speaking of old girlfriends or women you've dated while you're with another woman is never a good idea. "
" this is different.
emma is my family. "
she swirled the wine around in her glass.
" i've heard her side of the story, but i don't think i've heard yours. "
" you heard a little when you were inebriated the night of noah's baptism. "
now it was megan's turn to grimace.
" i still would like to know. "
pesh drew in a ragged breath.
when the waiter appeared with their salads, it appeared that he might dodge the question entirely.
but once they were alone together, he smiled.
" emma came along at a time when i was facing extreme pressure from family and friends to move on from my grief and date again.
there was no escape to it-i faced it at the hospital, as well as when i was at home.
people seemed to think that once a year went by on the calendar that meant i was through with my mourning.
then one day, there she was in the er.
she was scared out of her mind about your grandfather.
somehow i just connected with her through her grief and pain. "
he dabbed his mouth with his napkin.
" she reminded me so much of jade that it was easy to try to imagine that what i was feeling for her was romantic.
i hadn't been out in so long that i wanted to woo her, just like i wanted to you. "
" and aidan came between you? "
" in a way, both he and jade did. "
" what do you mean? "
pesh laughed.
" let's just say, during a very heated moment together, she was with aidan, and i was with jade. "
megan was surprised by his candor.
" i see. "
there was one item in the pesh and emma equation she had always wondered about.
" you didn't mind that she was pregnant? "
shaking his head, pesh replied, " it just made her even more beautiful to me.
i 'd been through so much death that i guess i was drawn to her because she had life growing within her. "
" that's really beautiful, " megan murmured.
he gave her a mirthless laugh.
" one of my worst character faults is having a hero complex.
i guess it's one of the reasons i became a doctor.
i saw emma, and i wanted to save her.
when she had to go on bed rest, i wanted to be her knight in shining armor. "
" being a hero is not exactly a bad character trait. "
" it is when you can't save someone, and you have to constantly live with the guilt. "
megan's heart ached at the pain on his face.
sensing she needed to lighten the mood, she teased, " i'm glad to hear you actually have a bad character trait.
i mean, you seemed a little too perfect to me. "
a shadow of a smile played on his lips.
" did i mention i'm a terrible slob? "
" you?
never, " she replied.
" oh yes.
if i didn't have a housekeeper, i'm pretty sure i might end up on world's nastiest houses. "
megan laughed.
" i find that hard to believe. "
" it's the truth.
i also have no athletic ability whatsoever. "
after chewing thoughtfully on her bite of salad, megan said, " but you're built like a football player. "
" i'm built because i go to the gym to work off stress.
but if you put me on the field, i 'd be a serious disappointment. "
she shook her head.
" that doesn't turn me off at all.
i've had my fill of jocks. "
" oh? "
he questioned.
although he was trying to be nonchalant about it, she knew he wanted to hear the full story.
" dating jocks for me is poison, and when i did date one, i made sure to date the ones at the top of their game.
my first athlete's influence caused me to ruin my chances at medical school. "
" that's horrible. "
" yes, it is.
but what's worse is i didn't learn anything from my mistakes because i fell for another one. "
with a rueful smile, she added, " at least i got mason out of that one. "
pesh laced his fingers together.
" mason's father is a professional athlete? "
" yes, he plays football for the falcons. "
" you know i'm friends with the team's sports medicine doctor.
i could probably arrange something for him.
maybe a little icy hot in his cup? "
at the mischievous twinkle in pesh's eyes, megan burst out laughing.
" i can not believe, you of all people, suggested such a thing. "
with a shrug, pesh replied, " it's a harmless prank. "
" i realize that.
it's just i can't imagine someone like you would even think of doing something like that. "
when he started to open his mouth to argue, she held up her hand.
" i know, i know.
don't pigeon hole you. "
" exactly. "
their main course arrived, and megan couldn't help digging into the wonderful aromatic food.
as they ate, the conversation came easily.
that was one of the things she liked most about pesh-he was so easy to talk to.
because he was older, refined, and a doctor, she could have felt intimidated by him.
but he never made her feel that way.
he always seemed fascinated by every single thing she had to say, which was quite a change from most of the guys she dated.
they were usually half listening to her while glancing over her shoulder at the tv to get the latest score.
after they finished, the waiter took their plates.
" dessert? "
megan asked, as she downed the last of her wine.
pesh nodded his head toward the small dance floor.
" how about a dance instead? "
she wrinkled her nose.
" i'm really not much of a dancer. "
he arched his brows at her as if he knew she was lying.
" okay, fine, i used to dance all the time back in high school and college. "
" then dance with me. "
" i'm not good at slow dancing.
you 'll probably regret asking me the moment we get out there. "
pesh stuffed a wad of bills into the bill envelope.
" as shakespeare would say, the lady do protesth too much.
and i think i know the reason. "
" oh, you do? "
he nodded.
" slow dancing is intimate, and you don't want to want to let yourself be intimate with me. "
" you went down on me in a supply closet.
i think that's pretty intimate, " she challenged.
" that was not intimacy.
sexual acts are of the mind where our pleasure center is.
intimacy is of the heart. "
he held her gaze.
" we both know you 'll let me into your body but not your heart. "
knowing he was right, she crossed her arms over her chest and scowled at him.
she didn't know why she just couldn't get up and go dance like he had asked.
she 'd slow danced a thousand times at parties.
what was the difference here?
somewhere deep down, she knew the answer to that question.
" if you don't want to dance, then let's go and see the city. "
not wanting to let him get the best of her, she rose out of her chair.
" fine.
i 'll dance with you. "
he chuckled.
" don't sound so thrilled. "
after he stood up, he took her hand and led her over to the dance floor.
she started to wrap her arms around his neck like she was accustomed to, but he put one of her hands on his shoulder and then he took the other hand in his.
his other hand slid around to rest at her lower back.
the band finished the jazzier beats of a song and then switched over to another.
a lone piano pounded out the opening chords.
the lead singer's sultry voice filled the air, " like a flower waiting to bloom. "
megan immediately recognized the song as norah jones'turn me on.
the electricity between them shifted, and as megan stared up into pesh's eyes, she saw desire and lust flaring in them.
her gaze dropped down to his full lips, and she couldn't help wanting him to kiss her.
as if he read her mind, pesh's mouth closed over hers.
darting her tongue out, she sought to find his warmth.
when she did, he tasted like a mixture of the wine and spices they 'd eaten.
his tongue pulled back to trace her lips as his h*ps jerked, pushing him against her.
she followed his lead by pressing herself flush against him to where her br**sts were rubbing against his chest.
she shivered when he groaned into her mouth.
his thumb slid back and forth between her shoulder blades, and she couldn't help arching into his touch.
as he pulled away from their kiss, he kept his eyes locked on hers.
she 'd never had a man stare at her so much.
it was like he was trying to see through her to her very soul.
it both overwhelmed and inflamed her at the same time.
it was all part of his slow seduction plan, and it was working.
" please take me somewhere-somewhere we can be alone. "
his expression became pained.
" megan- " she brought her hand from his shoulder to cover his lips.
" don't make me beg to be with you anymore. "
shaking his head, he replied, " i can't deny you anymore, not after having a taste of you. "
megan shuddered at the intensity of both his words and the way he delivered them.
taking her by the hand, he led her off the dance floor.
they snaked around the tables in the dining area until they reached the exit.
weaving through the people, they went into the hotel that adjoined the restaurant.
it was actually more of a historic bed and breakfast than a hotel.
as they neared the reception area, pesh dropped her hand to reach into his coat pocket.
once he retrieved his wallet, he stepped up to the desk.
" i need a room please. "
" credit card and identification please, " the inn keeper droned.
as she sized him up, megan couldn't help thinking he looked rather pompous-the usual type of person who worked in a high-end place.
" would you prefer queen or- " " a king please, " pesh requested through clenched teeth.
" do you need help with your luggage? "
" no, we don't have any. "
the man typed something into the computer.
" and how long will you be staying with us? "
" as long as we need, " pesh replied, drumming his fingers on the marble counter.
megan watched as the man's eyes widened and a flush entered his face.
he quickly finished the reservation and handed pesh a key card.
" we have you in one of our balcony king suites. "
" thank you. "
taking her by the hand, pesh led her over to the elevators.
when megan dared to glance over her shoulder, she saw the man peering curiously at them.
as they stepped onto the car, megan couldn't help the nervous giggle that escaped her lips.
when pesh looked at her in surprise, she laughed even harder.
" what is it? "
" by the way that conversation went down, he probably thinks i'm a prostitute. "
pesh's eyes widened.
" you don't seriously think that? "
" okay, maybe a high-end escort? "
a growl came from low in his throat.
" do not demean yourself like that. "
" i'm not demeaning myself.
think about it.
we come in during the middle of the day with no luggage, and we want a hotel room with a king sized bed. "
she tapped her chin with her finger.
" hmm, what could we possibly be doing? "
the corners of his lips turned up in a smile.
" i probably should care what the man thinks, but right now, i frankly don't give a shit. "
she laughed.
" me either. "
the elevator dinged, signaling they had reached their floor.
they stepped out and read the signs to find their room.
once pesh opened the door, megan walked inside.
she took in the cozy decor of the room with its brick fireplace, antiques, and four-poster bed.
going to a hotel could have been sleazy, but this room had such a romantic feel to it.
when he came up behind her and slid his arms around her waist, she couldn't help suddenly feeling shy.
" are you all right? "
he asked.
" i'm fine. "
his breath warmed against her ear.
" you tensed when i touched you. "
" i'm sorry.
i didn't mean to.
i guess i'm just nervous. "
pesh turned her around to face him.
" you don't have anything to feel nervous about.
if you don't want to do this anymore, we don't have to. "
" no, i want to do it, " she assured him.
without another word, his fingers went to her hair.
after he undid the clasp, her hair tumbled down over her shoulders.
an appreciative shudder rippled through her when he nuzzled his face into the strands at her neck.
from there he sought out the zipper at the middle of her back.
slowly, he slid it down.
when the back of the dress gaped open, he took the spaghetti straps and eased them over her shoulders and down her arms.
megan felt his breath warming her back as the dress pooled onto the floor.
she stepped out of it, and then turned to face him.
the heat of his gaze stoked the fire burning deep inside her.
his expression was fierce as he drank in her strapless black bra and panties, along with her heels.
" you are so beautiful. "
for some reason, she felt the urge to blush at his words.
guys had told her she was beautiful before, but it didn't feel the same or sound the same coming from them as it did pesh.
the way he said she was beautiful, coupled with the way he looked at her, made her tingle in all the right places.
her hands came to his tie.
after she loosened it, she ripped it off him and slung it to the floor.
deftly, her fingers worked the buttons on his shirt.
when she opened it, she sucked in a breath at the sight of the dusting of dark hair covering his chest.
it trailed down over his washboard abs and down into his pants.
" you're pretty beautiful yourself, " she said with a smile.
as he shrugged off his shirt, her fingers went to his belt.
the entire time she unbuttoned and unzipped him, his burning gaze took in everything she did.
" why do you keep staring at me? "
she questioned quietly.
" i'm afraid if i look away, you won't be real. "
his hand cupped her cheek.
" i've wanted this for so long-i've wanted you for so long.
it's hard to believe that you're really here. "
" touch me, " she urged.
she took his other hand and brought it to her breast.
" touch me and feel how real i am. "
lowering his head, his mouth hovered over hers.
" breathe me in, " he instructed, as he kneaded her breast over her bra.
at the feel of his breath against her lips, she inhaled while his heated gaze almost singed her cheeks.
even if she had wanted to, she couldn't bring herself to look away from his eyes.
when she exhaled, he inhaled, and it was like they were doing a dance.
it was both relaxing and somewhat erotic.
she 'd never spent time just breathing and gazing into someone's eyes.
" now you've had your first lesson in tantra, " he murmured against her lips.
she jerked her head back to stare at him in surprise.
" are you going to do more? "
" maybe. "
he reached around to undo her bra.
" do you want me to? "
" i think so. "
" then i will.
i want to do whatever is pleasing for you. "
she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him.
he eased her over to the four-poster bed.
after removing his pants and boxers, he slid her panties down her legs.
as megan sat on the edge of the massive king sized bed, she widened her legs to allow him to step between them.
when he brought his hand to stroke between her thighs, she moaned and let her head fall back.
two fingers entered her and began a slow, teasing assault.
she began to rock her h*ps against his hand, adding the friction she desired.
when she felt his erection rubbing against her leg, she reached between them to take him in her hand.
her eyelids fluttered open, and she stared into his face as they worked each other into a sweaty, panting frenzy.
when pesh curled his fingers inside her, she bit down on her lip to keep from screaming out in pleasure.
her orgasm rocketed through her lower half, causing her head to fall forward onto his chest.
when she came back to herself, pesh was sliding her body up the mattress.
then he was hovering over her, kissing her br**sts and licking her ni**les into hardened peaks.
" now, pesh, " she urged.
" i want you deep inside of me. "
just as his head nudged against her opening, he stopped.
" oh no, " he murmured before rocking back to sit on his knees.
megan propped herself up on her elbows and gazed up at him.
" what's wrong? "
she hoped that after giving in, he hadn't decided to back out at the last minute.
he rubbed the stubble on his cheeks.
" i, uh... we can't do this without a condom, and i don't have one with me. "
" oh, " she murmured.
in the heat of the moment, she had totally forgotten about that.
" you don't happen to have one? "
he asked hopefully.
she shook her head.
" sorry. "
" it's me who ought to be sorry for putting you in a position like this without protection. "
when he started to pull away, she sat up to grab his shoulders, urging him to stop.
" we can still do this.
neither one of us has been with anybody in at least two years-we've had tests for the hospital. "
" that's all well and good but what about pregnancy?
are you on the pill? "
" no. "
she chewed on her bottom lip momentarily.
" wait a minute, " she murmured.
in her mind, she began counting down the days since her last period.
" twenty. "
" twenty what? "
" i'm on day twenty, so we should be safe. "
" i 'll still pull out. "
" if you say so, " she replied.
gripping his biceps, she urged him to cover her again with his body.
she loved the feel of his chest hairs rubbing against her ni**les.
pesh widened her legs, and then he eased inside her, filling and stretching her walls.
it had been so long that she couldn't help feeling a bit of a sting.
" are you all right? "
" i'm fine. "
he withdrew and flexed his hips, thrusting back inside her.
this time they both moaned.
setting up a rhythm, he began rocking in and out of her.
the pace was slow and sensual, and while he was hitting all the right spots, she wanted more.
the entire time he moved in and out of her, he kept his eyes locked firmly on hers.
his gaze was so dark with desire that she didn't dare look away.
the longer she stared into his eyes, the more connected with him she felt.
the old saying was that the eyes were windows to the soul, and she was getting a pretty good glimpse into his.
and that scared the hell out of her.
wanting to make things less sensual, she gripped his biceps.
" harder, " she panted.
rising on his knees, he slid his forearms under the backs of her knees.
this enabled him to pull her back against his pounding thrusts.
while their connection at first had been so intimate, this was more about lust and desire.
she reached up and clasped his face in her hands, bringing his head down to hers.
their mouths and tongues met in frenzied kisses.
when he pulled out of her, megan whimpered at the loss of feeling.
he quickly flipped her over onto her stomach.
pulling on her hips, he raised her up onto her knees.
when he reentered her, megan moaned.
with each thrust, he went deeper and deeper.
her fingers fisted the sheets as he leaned over her back, kissing a trail down her spine.
she didn't know how he was able to be so many places at once.
while his mouth licked her back and teasingly left love bites, his hands were rubbing her thighs and then sliding under her to squeeze her br**sts or tease her clit.
he was giving her so much that she couldn't stay silent.
she moaned, chanted his name, and cried out as the sounds of their wet skin slapped together.
finally, she couldn't take it anymore.
dropping her head, she screamed into the mattress as she found her release.
once her walls finished clenching, she felt pesh withdraw from her.
as he groaned, megan felt warmth spurt onto her back and bu**ocks.
after seeing him come before, she hated she couldn't see his face.
he was so beautiful when he was finding release.
once he finished, she eased down onto her stomach and curled a pillow under her head.
after a few seconds, pesh lay down beside her.
she turned her head and met his gaze.
exhausted and completely sexually satisfied for the first time in her life, all she could muster to say was, " wow. "
a slow grin spread across his cheeks.
" you seem to say that a lot around me after orgasms. "
she laughed.
" it's because you render me absolutely speechless with your talents. "
" thank you.
i could say the same about you. "
his gaze left her face and trailed down her na**d back.
" we need to get you cleaned up. "
rolling her shoulder blades, she said, " i kinda like it.
makes me feel marked or something. "
he smiled shyly at her.
" i like the idea of marking you-making you mine. "
he wanted her to be his.
she didn't know quite what to think about that statement.
did she want to be his?
she certainly couldn't imagine belonging to anyone else.
besides the amazing physical chemistry they shared, she was starting to feel such a deep connection to him.
staring over at him, she couldn't help wondering what was going on in his mind.
" we've really done it now, haven't we? "
" yes, i do believe that was the universal " it " that we just did, " he teased.
she smacked his arm playfully.
" that's not what i meant. "
" i know, " he murmured.
" no matter what, this changes everything. "
" for the better, i hope. "
" i suppose. "
the truth was she 'd never really had casual sex before.
there was one time her freshman year that she hooked up with a guy at work.
it was the first and only time she 'd ever done anything so crazy.
in that instance, the sex had been over before she 'd known it and without her coming even once.
after that fiasco, she had never wanted a repeat performance with him or any other random guy, until she 'd found herself in a sex slump after mason's birth.
but with pesh, the sex had been... she shivered as the remaining echoes washed over her.
before sleeping with pesh, she could count the number of past sexual partners on one hand, as well as the times she had had even remotely good sex.
for megan, her experience with pesh was seriously earth shattering and life altering.
she couldn't imagine just walking away now.
pesh sat up and edged to the side of the bed.
he held out his hand to her.
" come on.
let's shower. "
" if you insist. "
she slid over to him before throwing a leg over the side of the mattress.
although she should have felt a little bashful being na**d in front of him, she felt surprisingly comfortable.
when she got into the bathroom, she raised her brows in surprise.
" a clawfoot tub? "
she questioned.
pesh laughed.
" all the old charm but modern conveniences. "
he pointed to the detachable shower head.
" nice. "
he turned on the water and waited for it to heat up.
once he decided it was warm enough, he took her by the hand and helped her inside.
she turned her back to the spray, letting the water clean her up.
pesh didn't seem to think that was enough because after he soaped up his hands, he began to wash off her back and ass.
as his magic hands massaged in slow strokes, she couldn't resist asking the question that was plaguing her.
" did i feel different? "
his hands stilled on her lower back.
" what do you mean? "
glancing at him over her shoulder, she replied, " that was the first time i've had sex since i gave birth to mason.
i just wondered if i felt different.
you know, inside. "
his face came to nuzzle her neck.
" you felt amazing. "
" not any different? "
" did you hear me complaining? "
" no, but i just worried. "
" you have nothing to worry about, my love. "
his hand skimmed over her ribcage to cup her breast.
as her nipple hardened beneath his fingers, she sucked in a pleased breath.
" i want nothing more than to be back inside you as soon as i can. "
" then why don't you? "
she challenged.
" fine then.
put your hands on the tile, " he ordered.
" yes, sir, " she teased before placing her palms on the cool, wet tile.
pesh slid the gleaming silver shower head between her legs, causing her to gasp at the contact.
then he flicked his wrist to the side, sending the jets of water pounding into her clit.
she moaned and threw her head back against his drenched chest.
slowly he started moving the shower head to where it would rub against her.
each time she moved back, the water hit her in just the right spot.
she arched her h*ps as the pressure began to build.
pesh slid his free hand up over her ribcage to cup her breast.
he kneaded the flesh, pinching the ni**les that were already hardened.
she pinched her eyes shut from the sensory overload.
just as she would feel herself about to come, he would shift his wrist so the vibrations hit her in another area, building her again.
" please, pesh, " she moaned.
" what, baby? "
" please make me come. "
" have you had enough pleasure yet, or should we continue on? "
he asked, moving the shower head away from her.
she groaned at the loss.
rubbing her ass against his hardened erection, she begged, " you let me come, and then i 'll make sure you do as well. "
with his knee, he nudged her legs even further apart.
when he once again brought the shower head between her legs, it reached even more sensitive areas.
it took only a few seconds of the water coupled with his rubbing and her grinding to cause her to scream with the pulsing convulsions.
she smacked her hands against the walls as wave after wave pulsed through her.
when she finally stopped shuddering, she slowly slid around to smile up at pesh.
" wow? "
he said, with a smile.
she teasingly pinched his arm.
" i was going to say exquisitely amazing. "
" i'm sure you were. "
reaching between them, she took his erection in her hands.
" good thing i'm about to get on my knees because i don't think i could stand after all that, " she said, with a teasing wink.
bending her head, she began trailing kisses down his wet chest.
as she stroked him, she took time to kiss and then suck on his ni**les.
his groan told her she was finding some of his most sensitive places.
after teasing his ni**les to erect points, she continued on down his delicious washboard abs and through the dark hair that crowned his erection.
sinking down onto the floor of the tub, she stroked him hard from base to tip.
when his chest began to heave, she leaned over to slide him into her mouth.
" megan, " he groaned, his fingers coming to tangle in the wet strands of her hair.
she took him as far back as she could before sliding him out.
her tongue flicked over the sensitive head before she suctioned it.
when she released him again, she began long licks up his length.
then she once again slid him in her mouth and began bobbing her head up and down his length.
his groans began to echo throughout the bathroom.
" oh, megan, " pesh murmured.
his grip on her hair tightened as he flexed his h*ps to go even deeper into her mouth.
when he started tightening up, he tried to pull away, but she gripped his thighs and held him in place.
he cried out and then came in a rush into her mouth.
she swallowed all of him before she glanced up to see him staring down at her with such adoration in his face.
" thank you. "
as he fell free from her mouth, she smiled.
" you're welcome. "
he helped her up off the tub floor.
" we better hurry up before we use all the hot water in these old pipes. "
" i think you would probably do a good job keeping me warm. "
he smiled.
" i feel the same way about you. "
although they were tempted for another round, megan knew pesh didn't want to chance it without any condoms.
instead, she tore herself away from him when they finished their shower.
she blew her hair dry while he got dressed.
once she finished, he helped her slide back into her dress.
then they left their suite without even turning down the bed.
when they got downstairs, megan inwardly groaned that the same man was at the reception desk.
she knew from his expression that he recognized them as well.
as pesh handed him the key card, megan decided to make the most of the situation.
she rubbed pesh's arm.
" thanks again, mr. nadeen.
make sure to call me again next time you're in savannah.
i love big spenders like you, " she purred.
while the man's eyes bulged, pesh stared at megan like she had grown another head.
his mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water, but no words of admonishment came out.
when he finally, recovered, he tersely replied, " i 'll try to remember that, miss mckenzie. "
truly playing her part, megan turned on her heels and started walking across the lobby.
she didn't get far before pesh was at her side.
after shoving the hotel bill into his suit pocket, he slid his arm around her waist, drawing her close against him.
" you are in so much trouble, " he growled into her ear.
she giggled as they walked out of the hotel.
" mmm, are you going to punish me by taking me over your knee and spanking me? "
" i just might, " he replied.
tilting her head, she eyed him in the street lights.
" you can't seriously expect me to believe that you of all people are into bdsm? "
" no, i'm not. "
she snorted.
" once again, that doesn't surprise me. "
when he stopped walking right in the middle of the crowded street, she stared up at him in surprise.
" a good spanking, some handcuffs, and a blindfold all have possibilities.
as far as all that other stuff? "
his thumb came up to trail slowly across her bottom lip.
" if one truly knows how to f**k, you don't need any accessories and embellishments. "
she licked her lips as a little shiver went down her spine.
" and you certainly know what you're doing.
you just got me wet right here in the middle of the street. "
his jaw clenched as he took her by the arm.
" don't say anything else like that.
i need to get you home. "
" to your bed? "
she asked.
" i wish.
but you need to go home to your family. "
megan didn't argue with him because she knew he was right.
she had a son to think about.
regardless of how tempting it was, she just couldn't go on some pleasure binge when she was a mother.
but there was a part of megan that didn't want the bubble to burst by leaving pesh and going home to her regular life.
she wanted nothing more than go back to his place.
sex with pesh had been phenomenal.
and despite being a little sore from underuse, she certainly felt ready for more.
sex, that was.
pesh grabbed them a taxi, and they made the drive back to the airport.
even though they didn't speak, megan didn't feel awkward around him after what they had done.
he sat as close to her as he could with her hand clasped in his.
once they got back to the plane, she felt exhaustion begin to set in.
leaning back against the headrest, she closed her eyes as pesh went about getting them ready to take off.
she only opened her eyes again when she felt them start racing down the runway.
when they got into the air, she couldn't help sitting on the edge of her seat and peering out the windows at the city lights.
" it's so beautiful in the dark. "
" sometimes i think i favor flying at night. "
" you do? "
he nodded.
" for some reason, it seems much more tranquil.
there's a vulnerability to it as well.
in the day, everything is within your sight distance.
but in the dark, you have to rely on your instruments and instincts. "
" i 'd love to learn how to fly. "
" you would? "
she nodded.
" i've always thought it would be something amazing to learn. "
" then i 'll teach you. "
she turned to him in surprise.
" really? "
" sure.
why not? "
with a shrug, she replied, " you're a busy man, and i don't know how fast a learner i would be. "
he smiled.
" for you i would make time. "
as she stared at him across the small interior of the plane, she knew she was ready to make more time for him as well.
where it would lead them, she couldn't wait to see.
chapter fifteen as the cornflower-blue horizon spread out for miles and miles before her, megan couldn't help fighting the urge to pinch herself.
she was actually up in pesh's plane during her first flight lesson.
from the moment they had taken off, she had been overwhelmed by such a surreal feeling.
it must've been something about being in control of the plane as it rocketed down the runway and then took off into the sky.
of course, she really wasn't in total control of the plane.
pesh was able to take over at any moment from his spot in the co-pilot's seat.
that made her feel a little better considering she had so little flying experience, and the manual she had read at least twice didn't prepare you for everything.
now as they coasted along the city skyline, she kept both hands firmly gripping the steering wheel, or yoke as it was called in small plane terminology, as they passed through wispy strands of white clouds.
when pesh had first offered to give her flying lessons, megan didn't know if she should believe him or not.
looking back, she wasn't sure why she ever doubted him considering he was always a man of his word.
and now, just two weeks after their first date in savannah, they were back up in the air flying around atlanta on a thursday afternoon.
it had been quite a week together of having dinner after work or them picking up something on the way to her house.
although, the first day back at work proved both difficult and awkward as they tried to appear as though nothing had changed.
but the fact was everything had changed, and it wasn't just because they had become physical.
as much as megan tried to fight her growing feelings for pesh, it was virtually impossible.
a man like him made it too hard for any woman not to fall in love with him, and as much as she didn't want to acknowledge it, she could see herself falling for him.
of course, he was also full of surprises.
like on monday when he had asked her to see if there was an extra heart monitor in one of the empty patient rooms on the first floor.
she had obediently gone to check.
while she found the heart monitor, she also found him.
the gentleman she had once known became somewhat of a sex fiend when he locked the door and disappeared with her behind the curtain.
a mid-day sex session in an empty hospital bed made for quite an experience, especially when the brake on the bed released, and they literally banged into the walls.
but besides the naughty sexcapade, he 'd wanted to spend down time with her and mason.
earlier in the week, pesh brought mason to see his plane.
megan had to smile at the image in her mind of mason on pesh's lap in the pilot's seat as he explained the ins and outs of the buttons and knobs.
pesh had shown such patience with mason by constantly fielding his questions and letting him wear one of the headsets.
he 'd even gotten the atc to send a message over the headset so mason could hear.
while it was supposed to be a pre-flying lesson for her, it turned educational for mason as well.
and to make it a day that neither mason, nor pesh would forget, they 'd gone by mcdonald's afterwards so mason could play on the playground.
the fact that pesh was so willing to do anything to make mason happy was slowly starting to crack megan's tough resolve against dating him.
it wasn't just the fact that pesh was so wonderful with mason that had her reeling.
when they talked, she shared more with him than she ever had with a man.
he made it easy to open up to and speak of both the good and the bad in her life.
he was such a good listener that she never felt like she was just rattling on and boring him.
he truly seemed interested in everything she said.
it was an amazing feeling.
" still doing okay over there? "
pesh asked, bringing her out of her thoughts.
she grinned.
" fine. "
" i wish you could see your face, " he mused.
" do i have some dopey expression? "
she asked.
" it isn't dopey.
it's wide-eyed wonderment like a kid on christmas morning. "
" oh, i would totally believe it since this certainly feels like a very big and very dangerous toy. "
" it's a wonderful sight to see.
i'm so glad i get to share this with you. "
he took one of her hands from the yoke and brought it to his mouth.
as his lips kissed over her knuckles, she tensed.
" i need my hand back.
i don't feel like i have a good grip on the steering wheel like you said i should, " she protested.
pesh sighed and released her hand.
" how i regret telling you that tip now, " he lamented.
she smiled.
" that's not fair to try and distract me.
i need to focus, so we don't crash. "
" all right.
i 'll keep my hands to myself... for now. "
a shudder went through her at his words.
at that moment if there was any way possible to actually fly the plane and bang him, she would have tried.
shaking her head, she tried ridding herself of her inappropriate thoughts.
" what's that? "
she asked, pointing at a dark blip far down on the horizon.
pesh leaned forward in his seat, peering out the windshield.
" looks like a storm cloud moving in. "
" we should head back then. "
he chuckled.
" i don't think it's going to affect us. "
" yeah, well, i don't like the thought of trying to fly in a storm. "
" then we 'll head back. "
" which way should i turn the plane? "
" let's take a right, " pesh replied.
megan bobbed her head and then turned the yoke at the same time she pressed on the right rudder pedal with her foot.
" good.
keep it coming.
we're almost turned around. "
once they were facing the opposite direction, pesh said, " now let's bring up the speed. "
she did as she was told and waited for him to give her any further instructions.
" we're good to go now.
when we're about ten minutes out from mccollum, you need to let the atc know we're coming in. "
" okay.
i can do that. "
" do you have plans for this evening? "
" not that i know of. "
" would you like to have dinner with me? "
she nibbled on her bottom lip to keep from laughing at his formalness.
" i suppose so.
do i get dessert afterwards? "
his body tensed beside her.
" are you implying that i'm dessert, or that after we finish dinner i should get you dessert? "
megan laughed.
" no, i want you for dessert. "
" then you can have me.
always. "
glancing over at him, she said, " i might have to ask for a to-go box since i'm assuming we 'll have mason with us. "
" i don't mind.
i enjoy spending time with him. "
megan couldn't keep the smile off her face at pesh's words.
" he really likes being with you, too.
i've never seen him warm up to a stranger as much as he has to you. "
" i'm a likeable guy, " he teased.
" yeah, you are, " she murmured, trying not to let the out-of-control fluttering of her heart make her think more than she should about him.
pesh interrupted her thoughts by motioning to the controls.
" go ahead and start doing your landing checks. "
megan vaguely remembered what knobs and meters she had looked at before they took off.
once she got through the landing checks with pesh's help, they were getting closer to mccollum.
" now radio atc. "
" um, okay, " megan replied, nibbling on her lip.
after clearing his throat, megan glanced over at pesh.
he motioned to the yoke.
" oh, duh, " she replied.
with her thumb, she pressed the push-to-talk button.
" this is cessna 172 coming in for landing. "
before she could ask pesh if she had done it right, he relayed a different message over his push-to-talk.
the atc's response crackled over her headset.
" cessna 172, this is ground control confirming you are clear to land. "
" now push on the yoke to start the descent, " pesh instructed.
after she did what she was told, her eyes locked on the speedometer.
" should we be picking up this much speed? "
" yes and no, " pesh replied.
" what the hell does that mean? "
she asked, jerking her wild gaze to his.
he chuckled.
" see the black knob there labeled 'throttle '? "
" yeah. "
" look at it this way.
you know when you're in a car and you're going downhill, you pick up speed? "
megan nodded.
" it's the same thing in a plane.
but if you pull on the throttle knob, it reduces the engine power so there won't be an increase in speed. "
with her fingers grasping the black knob, megan asked, " how hard do i need to pull on it? "
" try pulling back half-way. "
after pulling on the knob, megan eyed the speed.
" we're slowing down. "
" good. "
" are we at ninety knots? "
megan glanced down.
" yeah. "
" okay, then lower the nose just a little bit.
that will give us a glide-path or a controlled descent. "
megan eased on the steering wheel until the nose of the plane dipped below the horizon.
" now put the landing gear in the down position, " pesh instructed.
" is that the button with the little tire on it? "
" yep, that's the one. "
megan pressed it.
" got it. "
" using the steering wheel, roll the wings a little to the right, so we're lined back up with the runway. "
megan turned the steering wheel to the right a little too abruptly.
" oops, " she replied.
" it's okay.
just level it out.
you always want your runway target spot to stay in the same fixed spot on the windshield. "
as megan stared ahead, she realized how close they were getting to the runway, and in turn, the ground.
suddenly she wasn't so sure if she could land the plane.
it was one thing taking off, but it seemed like there was so much more that could go wrong when landing.
" u-uh, p-pesh, " she stammered.
" yeah? "
he asked casually.
" i don't think i can do this. "
she cut her eyes over to him.
" i can't land the plane.
it's too scary. "
" yes, you can. "
megan shook her head furiously back and forth.
" no really.
you need to take back the controls.
i could cause us to crash. "
" but i have faith in you. "
" really? "
" of course.
i wouldn't let you do this if i didn't think you could. "
she stole a glance at him, taking in his earnest expression.
god, he really and truly believed in her.
and it wasn't just about the fact they were banging each other every chance they got alone.
no, he saw through to the real her.
after taking a deep breath, she felt herself slowly calming down.
" fine.
i 'll try, but i'm not making any promises. "
" that's my girl, " pesh replied.
" what should i do now? "
" all right, now you need to pull the throttle all the way out as well as pulling back on the wheel to keep the nose from dipping. "
clearing her throat that felt as dry as sandpaper, megan jerked on the throttle button before pulling on the steering wheel.
it was a little harder considering how sweaty her hands were.
" keep it steady.
you're doing great. "
as they came closer and closer to the runway, megan fought the urge to close her eyes, but she realized that would not be the right thing to do.
instead, she braced herself for the impact.
the moment the wheels hit the asphalt she shrieked and clutched at the steering wheel.
" don't fight the bounce.
we're fine.
you're fine. "
they skidded along the pavement.
" okay, now ease up on the wheel and push on the tops of both pedals to apply the brakes. "
without thinking, megan stomped her feet, causing the plane to screech.
" easy, " pesh said.
she let her feet off the brakes, and they began to coast.
" now you're going to bring it back into the hanger. "
" oh, hell no!
i would end up mowing out the side of the building or another plane! "
megan cried.
pesh's amused chuckle died quickly at the death glare she shot him.
" megan, you 'll do fine.
you just landed a plane.
i think you can handle pulling into a hanger. "
she scowled at him.
" fine.
but when you have to file a huge insurance claim, i'm going to say 'i told you so.'"
" we 'll see, " he replied.
she could tell he was fighting back a smile the way he kept biting down on his lip.
" all right, take a right here, " he said, pointing to where the runaway split.
she turned the wheel to the right and began easing her foot down on the brake when she saw the hangers come into view.
" which one is yours? "
" i share the third one.
luckily for you, it's pretty much a straight shot in.
just watch out for my dad's plane. "
megan jerked her horrified gaze over to his.
" i could be taking out your dad's plane? "
pesh shook his head.
" you're not going to take out anyone's plane, megan.
i have faith in you. "
she gripped the steering wheel until her knuckles turned white.
after taking a deep breath and giving herself a mental pep talk, she started slowly easing the plane inside the hanger.
even though she was far away from the back wall, she hit the brakes.
" is this okay? "
" looks good to me.
now you want to pull on the red knob. "
" the one that says mixture? "
" yeah, that's the one.
it will kill the engine. "
when megan pulled on the knob, the plane shuddered into silence.
she couldn't help sitting absolutely frozen for a few moments, processing everything that had happened.
pesh's hand reached out to rub her shoulder.
" you okay over there? "
he asked.
turning her head, she smiled.
" i think so. "
" you were starting to worry me for a minute. "
" i think i was worrying myself. "
pesh's warm laugh made her tingle in parts it shouldn't.
with the adrenaline depleting from her system, she knew exactly what she wanted to do.
or maybe the more appropriate word was who she wanted to do.
frantically, she unbuttoned her seat belt and dove over into his lap.
" megan, what in the hell are you doing? "
he demanded.
her response to his question was to kiss him.
greedily her mouth devoured his lips.
as her tongue thrust into his mouth, her hand went between them to cup his growing erection.
he groaned while she worked him over his pants.
when she rose up on her knees to get a better grip of him, she banged her head against the ceiling of the plane.
" shit! "
" are you all right? "
he asked, bringing his hands up to cup her now aching head.
" i'm fine. "
he snickered.
" the last thing you need is a concussion.
how would we explain that one? "
megan giggled.
" maybe turbulence during the flight? "
" you're the one creating turbulence, " he replied, a wicked gleam in his eyes.
" how are we going to do this? "
she asked.
" backseat, " he replied.
with a nod, she began climbing over him into the small two seats in the back.
as pesh unbuckled his seat belt, megan's fingers furiously worked to get her jeans unzipped and unbuttoned.
she was easing them down her thighs when his body came over hers.
she once again claimed his mouth as pesh worked to get his own pants down.
" pocket.
condom, " he murmured against her lips.
she nodded and then reached her hand down to dig out the foil wrapper.
during high school, she gotten used to ha**ng s*x in cars, but this was taking it to a whole new level.
somehow without being able to see him in the small confines of the plane's backseat, she rolled the condom down pesh's length.
when she felt his hardness pressing against her core, she widened her legs as far as she could in the cramped quarters.
with one quick thrust, he was buried deep inside her.
she gripped his shoulders, pushing against him to keep from knocking back into the seat.
considering where they were, there was no time for soft and sweet.
instead, the sounds in the air were of skin slapping together as pesh's movements were frantic against her.
she loved every delicious minute of it, and it wasn't too long before she felt herself going over the edge.
her nails raked over his back as she screamed his name.
with her walls milking pesh's erection, he came with a shout, crushing her body with his.
just when she thought she couldn't breathe, he jerked back.
" are you okay? "
" i'm fine, " she replied.
she cupped his cheek.
" really good now, thanks to you. "
he gave her the shy smile of his that warmed her all over.
" i'm glad to hear that. "
" um, dr.
nadeen? "
someone called outside the plane.
" oh shit, " he muttered, as he slid out of her body.
as he went about ridding himself of the condom and jerking his pants up, he called, " yeah, trace? "
" i was just concerned about you considering you landed a few minutes ago and hadn't deplaned.
and then there was a lot of knocking going on inside the plane. "
megan's hand flew over her mouth as she started giggling uncontrollably.
it probably didn't help that as trace was talking, she had noticed that the windows of the plane were fogged up.
" i appreciate your concern, trace.
i was just checking on some post-flight issues.
i 'll be out in just a moment. "
as pesh finished and climbed into the front seat, megan hurried to get her jeans up.
once she had them buttoned and zipped, she smoothed down her hair that had to look like she had just been f**ked against an airplane seat.
she slid into the passenger seat to find that pesh had opened the driver's side and was talking to trace.
trace's gaze left pesh's and came to hers.
it took only a few seconds for him to put two and two together of what had actually been going on.
he slowly started backing away from the plane.
" yeah, well, you two have a nice day then, " he said.
" same to you, " megan called, trying not to start giggling again.
pesh shook his head as he hopped down out of the plane.
" come on.
let's go before we get in any more trouble. "
" but getting in trouble is so much fun, " megan protested, as she opened her door.
he grinned at her as he came around to meet her.
" you, my lovely, are a very bad influence. "
he wrapped his arms around her waist, drawing her close to him.
" but i'm grateful for every moment i have with you. "
" mmm, you know just how to flatter a girl, " she said, before kissing him.
after a few heated moments, pesh pulled away.
" considering this hanger has security cameras, let's not totally give them all our secrets today. "
megan squealed and covered her mouth.
" did they... can they...? "
" not inside the backseat. "
she exhaled with relief.
" thank goodness. "
he laughed.
" come on, little troublemaker.
let's go get something to eat. "
" sounds good to me. "
with a wink, she added, " especially if there's dessert! "
chapter sixteen a few days after her flying adventure and partial induction in the mile high club, megan had started to take a few scripts to the pharmacy when she was yanked by the arm and dragged into an examining room.
" what the? "
she began, as the door was slammed behind her.
instead of pesh before her, it was kristi.
" i need to have a word with you. "
anxiety bubbled in megan's chest, and she had to take a few deep breaths before she could speak.
" have i done something wrong with a patient? "
kristi shook her head.
" oh no, this has everything to do with dr.
nadeen. "
megan's brows shot up in surprise.
" pesh?
what's wrong with him? "
" it's not what is wrong with him.
it's what is wrong with you. "
megan gulped.
" me? "
kristi nodded.
" i really like you, megan, but i am worried that you are just playing him.
it is cruel.
he doesn't deserve it. "
" i don't know what you mean. "
" please don't play coy.
not only do i have two daughters around your age, but i've spent enough time working with women to have a pretty good insight into the female mind.
so, i 'll ask once again, what are you doing? "
megan squirmed under the heat of kristi's stare.
if anyone found out that she and pesh were hooking up, it could be very bad for her nursing career.
" we're friends.
he's my cousin's godfather. "
kristi rolled her eyes.
" fine.
let me speak as freely as i can since you insist on playing dumb.
i don't give two shits if you and pesh are screwing all over this hospital- " megan was unable to contain her loud gasp.
" excuse me, but i- " now it was kristi's turn to interrupt.
she held up her hands.
" let me finish please. "
" fine, " megan muttered.
" i realize that deep down he's just a man, and after going a long time without sex, it was probably a little easier for him to give in to just a causal relationship with you.
but i've worked by his side for seven years, so i have a pretty good handle on what he's truly feeling. "
" oh really? "
megan countered, unable to stop herself from being snarky.
" yes, i do.
that man loves you with every fiber of his being. "
those words caused megan's steely resolve to fade.
she couldn't help staggering a bit on her feet.
she knew that pesh liked her-i mean, any fool could see that.
but love?
" h-he does? "
" oh yeah, he does.
he's been holding a candle for you since the moment you walked in here.
i saw it the first day i introduced you two.
i don't know what has happened since that day, but i know something has changed for you, too. "
" it's true that i care about him.
he's the most amazing man i've ever known. "
" then what the hell is the problem? "
" i wish i could tell you, but i don't even know myself, " megan moaned as tears stung her eyes.
" dammit, stupid pms hormones. "
" oh honey, you do actually care about him, don't you? "
" yes, " she whispered.
" and you're a wreck about what you're feeling for him, aren't you? "
kristi asked.
megan couldn't hold back the sobs any longer.
they rolled through her, causing her to bend at the waist under the burden.
kristi stepped forward, wrapping her arms around megan.
even though she knew she should try to fight her emotions considering she was at work, she decided to let herself go and get it all out.
when she finally had a hold of herself, she raised her head, wiping what she imagined were the hideous black mascara streaks off her face.
" i'm so sorry.
that was so unprofessional of me. "
kristi gave her a sad smile.
" would you stop that, please?
this isn't an evaluation.
besides, i'm the one who pulled you in here and provoked you.
you always keep your emotions in check out on the floor. "
" the truth is i do care for pesh.
how could i not?
i'm just not sure i'm the right woman for him. "
" but if he loves you, how could you think you're not the right one? "
megan blurted out all the reasons she 'd previously given pesh about her age and her lack of wanting a committed relationship.
when she finally finished unburdening herself of all her doubts and fears, she glanced up at kristi.
there was no judgment in her eyes or anger for that matter.
instead, she merely patted megan's cheek.
" oh honey, you've got to tune all those negative voices out and go with your heart. "
megan shook head.
" but what if i don't know what my heart is telling me to do? "
" you will.
just give it time. "
kristi patted her back.
" why don't you go get cleaned up and then take your lunch break? "
" no, i need to make up for the time i've missed. "
" you're fine. "
she motioned to the door.
" go on.
see if dr. nadeen is on his way to lunch so you can join him. "
" but i shouldn't.
it won't look right if we're alone together. "
kristi chuckled.
" alone together in a crowded hospital cafeteria?
i don't think that's possible. "
megan nibbled on her bottom lip and fought the urge to argue with kristi.
after all, if the very woman who was in charge of her clinical grade didn't give a shit about her and pesh being seen together, why should she?
finally, she just gave a defeated sigh.
" okay, i 'll go see. "
" good girl.
and you be listening to your heart now.
okay? "
" i 'll try.
i promise. "
although she spoke the words with such conviction of character, megan was afraid it was going to be harder than she thought.
chapter seventeen when pesh arrived at work the following day, he found kristi alone in the nurses'station.
gazing around, he asked, " where's megan? "
" oh, she called in sick today. "
both disappointment and concern filled him.
she had seemed a little off the night before when they had dinner together in the cafeteria.
she was quieter and somewhat withdrawn.
he had just chalked it up to the fact that they were sitting with some of the other staff and she was trying not to make things seem weird with them now.
he wondered if he should call her and check to make sure she was okay.
they were in such limbo together that even though it sounded like the right thing to do, he wasn't sure.
with a resigned sigh, he decided to leave things as they were and vowed to check on her tomorrow when she returned to work.
as much as pesh hated to admit it, the day dragged mercilessly without megan.
he went from patient to patient with a monotony he hadn't felt in a long time.
when his shift ended, he met kristi in the hallway.
" want me to walk you out? "
he suggested.
" thank you.
i 'd appreciate that. "
" it would be my pleasure. "
they started out the mechanized doors to the employee parking lot.
to fill the quiet of their shoes echoing on the pavement, he said, " i hated to hear that megan wasn't feeling well. "
" so did i.
poor thing offered to pull a double tomorrow to make up for being gone. "
kristi smiled.
" she sure is going to make a fine nurse. "
" yes, she is. "
" you've taken a special interest in her, haven't you? "
kristi asked.
pesh's steps momentarily faltered, and he stumbled.
" whatever do you mean? "
kristi chuckled.
" you know exactly what i mean. "
" it is true that we know each other outside of the hospital, but when we're in the er, our relationship is strictly professional. "
" i never said it wasn't. "
after gazing around the somewhat deserted parking lot, he shook his head.
" what you're alluding to between me and megan?
nothing good can come of those types of rumors. "
patting his arm, kristi smiled.
" there are no rumors-merely an observation by someone who loves and admires you. "
his brows rose in surprise.
" you don't disapprove? "
" of course not.
i think it's a good match for both you and her. "
he remained silent for a few moments, contemplating her words.
" perhaps i should call and check on her. "
" i think that would be a very good idea. "
she took her keys out of her purse and motioned at the honda they were standing in front of.
" well, this is me. "
" have a good night, kristi. "
" same to you, dr. nadeen.
and good luck. "
he smiled.
" thank you.
i appreciate that. "
when he got to his car, he slid inside and took his phone out.
he scrolled through his contacts to find megan's number.
after he dialed, he anxiously drummed his fingers on the steering wheel.
the call went to her voicemail, leaving him with a defeated feeling.
although he knew it probably wasn't the best idea in the world, he decided to go to her house to check on her.
the moment he rang her parents'doorbell he really regretted making a house call.
one of her younger brothers answered.
" hey, what's up? "
he asked.
" hello.
i'm dr. nadeen.
i work with megan. "
snapping his fingers, he pointed at pesh.
" wait, i know you.
aren't you noah's godfather? "
pesh smiled.
" yes, i am. "
" cool.
listen man, megan's downstairs.
if you go around the side of the house, she has her own door. "
" i see.
thank you then. "
" no problem. "
when the door closed, pesh debated going straight to his car.
but he knew it would look even worse if her brother told her he had been there and then he had left without seeing her.
heaving a frustrated breath, he headed off the porch.
he followed the sidewalk around the house to where it sloped down the hill.
at the side door, he knocked loudly.
when the door flew open, megan stared at him in a mixture of both surprise and horror.
" what are you doing here? "
she demanded.
pesh shoved his hands in his pockets.
" you called in sick today.
i was worried. "
" i'm fine. "
he fought the urge to say that by her disheveled appearance and dark circles under her eyes, she most certainly didn't seem fine.
" i tried calling you, but you didn't answer.
kristi and i were worried about you. "
her expression softened a little.
" i'm sorry.
i must've forgotten to charge my phone. "
" can i get you something to eat?
some soup maybe? "
" really, i'm fine. "
" but you look so pale.
will you let me do an exam?
you know the flu is- " " i don't have the flu. "
" how can you be sure if you haven't been checked?
did you get the flu shot at the hospital?
sometimes it can give you a mild case. "
she shook her head and smiled.
" i don't have the flu.
since you're going to keep on and on, i'm going to go ahead and tell you.
i have really horrendous cramps with my period.
usually, i can manage them with birth control, but when i started clinicals and stopped working, i couldn't afford the birth control without health insurance.
and it wasn't like i was ha**ng s*x anyway. "
while he appreciated her honesty, he was also slightly mortified.
" oh, i see. "
" i'm sorry to have embarrassed you, " megan said.
he waved his hand dismissively.
" listen, when you return to work tomorrow, there will be a script for you for birth control.
i don't like the idea of you in pain, so i don't want this to happen next month. "
" but the money, " she protested.
he shook his head.
" it will be discounted through the hospital pharmacy. "
" thank you, pesh.
that's a very decent thing for you to do. "
a blonde head peeked around megan.
" hi esh.
you play? "
he smiled at mason.
" i came to check on your mommy. "
mason tilted his chin to look up at megan.
" her tummy hurts.
she no play.
u play? "
" um, well... " he wanted nothing more than to spend time with mason, and in the same token, with megan as well.
but he was also walking such a fine line with her that he didn't want to come on too strong and scare her off.
" i'm not sure your mommy feels up to company. "
megan smiled.
" if you really don't mind staying, we 'd love to have you. "
" are you certain? "
" sure. "
" okay then. "
mason grabbed his hand and led him through the door.
pesh took in the cozy decor of the basement apartment.
in one chair, megan's textbooks and papers were strewn around, while on the floor it looked like a tornado had blown through the living room with all the toys lying around.
when he met her gaze, she flushed.
" sorry it's such a mess. "
" it's fine. "
" are you hungry? "
she asked.
" no, i'm good, " he lied, as his stomach rumbled.
megan cocked her head and shot him a look.
" sit down and let me fix you something. "
" not with you feeling unwell. "
" although i wish i could cook you something, i think i'm up to reheating some of the pizza we ordered today, or there are some homemade enchiladas i made last night, " she replied, as she opened the fridge.
" enchiladas would be lovely. "
she smiled and took out a casserole dish.
" you hungry, mace? "
" mmm, hmm, " he murmured, barely looking up at his mother from one of his toys.
after spooning out two heaping plates full, along with some rice, she put it in the microwave.
she then motioned for him to have a seat at the table.
" you don't need to wait on me. "
" just shut up and let me take care of you for two seconds. "
her words reminded him of when she had cleaned his wounds after dev's punch.
no matter what the situation, she was always ready to be there for him and take care of him.
the microwave beeped and brought him out of his thoughts.
mason hurried over to the table and sat down beside pesh in his booster seat.
when megan put down the steaming plates, he reached for her hand and kissed it.
" thank you. "
a funny look passed in her eyes before she smiled.
" you're welcome. "
" won't you sit with us? "
he asked.
" actually, i would love to take a warm bath.
you know, to see if it would help relax my muscles. "
pesh smiled.
" i 'll be happy to keep an eye on mason while you do that. "
" you don't mind? "
" of course i don't. "
" thanks.
i really appreciate it. "
she kissed the top of mason's head, and then kissed his cheek.
she turned to start into the bedroom before whirling back around.
he lowered his fork at the expression on her face.
placing her hands on his cheeks, she leaned in and laid a big one on him.
he couldn't hide his surprise.
when she pulled away, she grinned at his speechlessness.
" i won't be long, " she said.
once the bedroom door closed behind her, pesh gazed over at mason.
" what do you want to do when we finish eating? "
" minions, " he mumbled through a mouthful of food.
pesh furrowed his brows in confusion.
" what's minions? "
hopping down off his chair, mason ran over to the tv.
when he returned, he had a dvd box in his hand.
he pointed to some yellow blobs on the cover.
" minions. "
" ah, i see.
you want to watch this. "
mason bobbed his head.
" is it your favorite? "
pesh asked.
" uh, huh, " mason replied.
" then i guess we better eat fast so we can watch it. "
at mason's beaming grin, pesh felt a little tug in his chest.
even though he shouldn't, he already had strong feelings for the little boy.
from almost the moment they 'd met, mason had let pesh into his world.
the sound of a fork clattering on a plate brought pesh out of his thoughts.
" done! "
mason exclaimed, hopping out of his chair.
although pesh wasn't finished, mason grabbed his hand and led him from the table.
instead of arguing with him, pesh just let himself be dragged over to the tv.
once he got the movie on, they settled down on the couch.
he couldn't fight the warmth that spread through his chest when mason snuggled close to his side.
instead, he just embraced the feeling and let happiness override the doubt that screamed in his mind.
under the strong, warm jets of the jacuzzi tub, megan's pain started to fade.
of course, as much as she tried to relax, it was too hard considering that pesh was in her living room.
she couldn't believe that he had shown up out of the blue to check on her.
just when she thought he couldn't be any kinder or more attentive, he did something like that.
tilting her neck on the foam headrest, she thought about her talk with kristi the day before.
she hated to admit it, but she knew she had a choice to make.
she either had to let go of pesh, or she had to make things official with him.
they couldn't just keep dating and hooking up... or was it just hooking up?
with a frustrated groan, she shifted in the tub, sloshing the water around.
closing her eyes, she tried to search her heart for how she truly felt.
no man had ever made her feel like felt with pesh, and that could be said both inside and out of the bedroom.
gazing down at her pruning fingers, she knew it was time to get out of the tub.
she could stay there for days and still not have the answer she so desperately sought.
after she toweled off and wrapped herself in her terry cloth robe, she went out into the bedroom.
as she threw on a fresh pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt, she noticed it was awfully quiet in the living room.
wondering what mason and pesh could be doing, she ducked out of the bedroom.
the sight across from her on the couch made her chest clench with emotion.
reaching up, she clutched her t-shirt over her heart, trying to still some of the ache that burned there.
with the strains of despicable me playing in the background, pesh lay on his back with mason on top of him.
her son's face was snuggled into pesh's chest, and he was sound asleep.
they both were.
pesh's face was tilted down, his nose pressed into the strands of mason's hair.
before she could harden herself to the emotions coursing through her, tears stung her eyes.
in that moment, she allowed herself to fantasize that this was truly her life.
she had a loving husband who adored her, and her son had an attentive and doting father.
what more could she ask for in life?
in those minutes of weakness, she wondered why she had been fighting pesh so hard about a relationship.
besides her own happiness, there was nothing more in the world that she wanted than for mason to be safe and happy.
as she came crashing back to reality, she saw things clearly for the first time in a long time.
pesh had been so worried about her that he 'd driven over just to check on her.
she 'd never had a boyfriend who cared about her that much, and no matter how hard she searched in the future, she was probably never going to find another man like pesh.
there were so many things about him that she liked... maybe even loved.
he made her want to get up in the mornings, so she could see him at work.
she found herself anxiously checking her phone to see if she had a text from him.
she loved spending time with him.
but it was more than just the feelings that pesh felt for her or that she felt for him-it was the fact that he cared so much about her son.
they were a package deal for any future man, and he had willingly embraced that fact without complaint.
on shaky legs, she walked over to the couch.
as she stood over the two of them, she couldn't help reaching out her hand and tenderly touching pesh's cheek.
he stirred at the contact.
when his eyelids fluttered open, she smiled at him.
" hi. "
his gaze spun around the room like he was trying hard to remember where he was.
when he glanced down at mason, realization washed over his face.
" sorry.
i didn't mean to fall asleep. "
" it's okay.
i'm sure you needed it.
besides, i took too long in the tub. "
he smiled.
" i would argue that you need it as well. "
bending over, she slid her hand under mason's stomach while the other went under his legs.
she hoisted him up and into her arms.
when he whimpered, she murmured, " shh, mommy's going to put you to bed. "
" night, night, pesh, " mason mumbled drowsily.
" good night, little man, " pesh replied.
once she had tucked mason in and kissed his cheek, she closed his bedroom door and returned to the living room.
pesh sat hunched over on the edge of one of the couch cushions, as if he were planning to leave as soon as she came back.
" is he okay? "
he asked.
she nodded.
" out like a light the moment i put him down. "
" good. "
when he started to stand up, she pushed him back down on the couch.
easing down onto his lap, she wrapped her arms around his neck.
he brought his hand up to rub lazy circles over her back.
she didn't speak for a few minutes.
instead, she just enjoyed being close to him, the feel of his hand on her, his strong, muscled thighs beneath her.
" thank you for coming over tonight. "
his brows rose in surprise.
" are you sure?
i was afraid i was overstepping my bounds. "
raking her fingers through his dark hair, she shook her head.
" i think we need to talk about our boundaries. "
" oh? "
she nodded.
" you coming over here tonight made me realize something very important.
what we've been doing has been fun, and i've enjoyed every minute of it.
but now- " pesh's dark eyes snapped shut, and the expression on his face shifted as if he were in pain.
" please.
you don't have to say this.
i 'll just go. "
" but i don't want you to go, " she argued.
" then what are you trying to say? "
" that i need you in my life, and i want more. "
his brows shot up.
" more?
as in more of us together? "
" yes. "
he sucked in a breath.
" you want us to be an official couple? "
she smiled.
" yes, i do.
well, everywhere except work. "
" i can't believe it, " he murmured.
" this isn't exactly the reaction i thought you would have, " she teased.
" oh, i'm happy.
trust me.
i'm just shocked, that's all. "
she brought her lips to his and gave him a tender kiss.
against his lips, she murmured, " can you ever forgive me for being so stubborn and so stupid? "
" i can try.
but i suppose you're going to have to work very hard to make it up to me. "
" am i? "
he nodded.
" yes, very hard. "
" why do i have the funny feeling that your idea of me making it up to you is entirely different than mine? "
" no more orgasms for dates.
just dates. "
" i can handle that. "
a wicked gleam flashed in pesh's eyes.
" the first date will be to the fox to see an opera. "
she groaned.
" you don't play fair. "
he ran his hands up her sides, causing her to shiver.
" i would have to argue that you haven't been playing fair all along.
now it's my turn. "
" are you going to punish me? "
she questioned in a whisper.
" mmm, hmm, there will lots of dates and lots of time spent together. "
he quirked a brow at her.
" a true hell on earth. "
she couldn't help giggling.
" i 'll be a good girl and take it. "
" i'm glad to hear it. "
as they lapsed into silence, megan's fingers wound through the hair at the base of his neck.
" do you want to stay the night with me? "
pesh's brows furrowed as if silently questioning her proposal.
" but you- " " no sex.
just sleeping. "
" you think that's a good idea with mason? "
" we're a couple now.
he's going to be seeing a lot of you. "
pesh smiled.
" yes, he is. "
staring into his eyes, she asked, " so you 'll stay? "
" it would be a pleasure. "
without another word, she rose off his lap.
after he got up off the sofa, she took him by the hand and led him to her bedroom.
as she sat on the edge of the mattress, she watched as pesh stripped down to his boxer shorts.
when he was finished, he walked slowly over to her.
" i'm sorry we can't do anything else. "
he brushed the hair out of her face and cupped her cheeks.
" i don't mind.
i'm happy just to be with you. "
in her heart, she was happy as well and not just about him staying the night.
but for how everything between them had worked out.
" so am i, " she murmured before lying back on the bed.
" so am i. "
chapter eighteen for megan, the next few weeks flew by.
she didn't know if it was because she was so busy at work, or it was because she was so happy being with pesh.
she liked to think it was the latter.
or maybe it was that she was busy being with pesh.
on her off days and his, they spent every second together.
most often, he came to her house.
they made dinner together or they went out.
although her parents didn't entirely approve, he slept over as well.
what they didn't know is that some nights nothing illicit even happened between them.
exhausted from the day's events, they merely enjoyed lying in each other's arms.
as she came out of a patient's room, she glanced up to see pesh standing across the hall talking to another doctor.
for just a moment, his gaze met hers, and although no one else could have possibly noticed it, she saw the longing and the affection.
she gave him a brief nod before walking on to the nurses'station.
since they had become a couple, their time at work had become almost a game of wills to pretend there was nothing going on between them.
most days, it was harder than megan could have ever imagined not to burst out in a smile whenever she saw him or to resist the urge not to wrap her arms around him.
but somehow they made it work.
in the end, the pent up emotions that were suppressed during the day made for a lot of heated fireworks in the evenings.
megan's thoughts were interrupted at the buzzing of her phone.
when she glanced down at it, she grinned.
it was pesh.
it killed me not to be able to kiss you a moment ago.
i know.
me too.
dinner at my place tonight?
u cooking?
she questioned.
yeah.
indian food.
mmm, sounds good.
what time? "
7.
does mason like indian food?
megan eyed his text thoughtfully.
the last three times she had been with pesh, mason had been with them as well.
pesh never seemed to mind, but megan wanted a night with just him.
a true date night.
not sure.
will get my parents or papa to babysit.
you don't have to do that.
i know.
i want to.
okay.
see you at 7.
bye.
she had just slipped her phone back in her pocket when she was ambushed by kara.
since the day she 'd seen kara grope pesh in the hallway, megan had loathed the sight of her.
she had managed to keep her distance from her at work, but lately, she noticed that kara had been creeping around, staring at her.
" can i do something for you? "
megan asked politely.
" yeah, for starters, you can drop the sugar sweet act.
i know how you feel about me. "
megan fought the urge to roll her eyes.
instead, she crossed her arms over her chest.
" fine.
what do you need kara? "
kara glanced around them before she spoke.
" i want you to back off of pesh. "
" excuse me? "
narrowing her eyes, kara said, " i know you're into him.
i can see it in the way you look at him... it's in the way he looks at you, too.
and i don't like it. "
" well, i'm terribly sorry that you don't, but frankly, i don't see how any of that is any of your business. "
" oh, he is very much my business considering we've been together. "
" um, okay.
whatever, " megan replied, feeling slightly shattered by kara's proclamation.
in the rational side of her mind, she knew there was no way pesh could be involved with kara.
but at the moment, it was the irrational side that seemed to be winning out over whether pesh was truly hers.
kara jerked her chin in the air.
" besides the fact of what pesh and i are to each other, i'm sure it would be very interesting business to your professor.
last time i checked, a nursing candidate wasn't supposed to get involved with a doctor.
bad for one's reputation. "
" are you threatening me? "
after a casual shrug of her shoulders, kara replied, " just stating facts.
you don't impress me as one of those bimbo girls who likes to be used by a man for sex, which i'm afraid that's exactly what pesh is doing with you.
but more than not wanting to be a sex toy, i imagine you wouldn't want to do anything to harm your future career. "
" i'm not discussing this any further, " megan muttered, as she started past her.
" i won't be either as long as you stay away from pesh. "
without giving kara a final glance, megan continued walking down the hallway.
she didn't know where she was going, but she knew she wanted to put as much distance as she could between herself and kara.
the rest of the day she felt haunted by kara's words.
more than anything, she couldn't wait until she could be alone with pesh to talk to him about it.
pesh jerked his head up at the loud bang behind him.
the garage door leading into the kitchen was thrown open with such a force that it rattled on its hinges.
megan stalked into the room, her mouth turned down in a determined frown.
she threw her purse down onto the floor beside one of the bar stools.
with a frustrated breath, she blew back a few errant strands of blonde hair that had escaped the loose knot at the back of her neck.
" bad day? "
he asked, with thinly veiled amusement.
she glared at him.
" yes, as a matter of fact it was. "
" what happened? "
" well, where do i start?
when i went to drop mason off at papa's house, there was a woman there with him. "
pesh's brows rose in surprise.
" patrick is dating? "
" he claims she's- " megan paused to make air quotes with her fingers, " just a friend.
but i don't buy it. "
as he stirred the rice, he glanced at her over his shoulder.
" would it be wrong if he were dating? "
a long sigh escaped megan's lips.
" no, he deserves to be happy.
my nana has been dead for six years, so it's not like he raced out the moment he was free and started going through women like kleenex. "
pesh chuckled at her summation.
" did you not like her? "
crossing her arms over her chest, megan replied, " that's the other part.
she seemed really nice.
and mason loves her.
i guess she's been there before when he stayed with papa. "
after abandoning his place by the stove, pesh placed his hands on the marble countertop and leaned in close to megan.
" it sounds to me like patrick has found a good woman who loves him and his family.
i don't think you could ask for a better scenario. "
she stared into his eyes for a moment before she smiled.
" you're right.
i don't know why i got so upset about it all. "
" because as much as you love your grandfather, you're still protective of your grandmother's memory. "
" you're so wise, " she murmured.
" it comes with age, " he replied, with a wink.
" whatever. "
he gave her a quick kiss on the lips before returning to the stove.
" so besides patrick's new lady friend, what else happened to get you so upset? "
when megan didn't reply, pesh turned around.
" what else is it? "
" you need to have a serious discussion with kara. "
his brows rose in surprise.
" i do? "
" yes, you do. "
" megan, you do remember that i'm not in charge of nurses. "
she rolled her eyes.
" yes, i realize that.
but you are in charge of your dick, are you not? "
" excuse me? "
crossing her arms over her chest, megan said, " kara seems to think that the two of you are an item. "
pesh chuckled.
" oh that's nonsense.
we're just friends from working together. "
megan narrowed her eyes suspiciously at him.
" you've never seen her outside of work? "
this was one area of questioning he hadn't bargained on ever having to answer.
the truth was something he really didn't want to admit to megan.
carefully choosing his words, he replied, " we got together for drinks a couple of times after work a few months back.
i hardly think that categorizes us as an 'item.'"
" it must be enough for her to think she can tell me that you're only using me for sex. "
pesh winced at the words.
he would have never taken kara for being someone who was jealous.
he put down the spatula and turned off the stove.
he knew he couldn't go forward without coming clean.
" megan, i haven't been honest with you. "
" what do you mean? "
she asked.
" i told you that kara and i had only had drinks a couple of times.
but that isn't the whole truth. "
megan's eyes widened.
" what are you saying? "
defeated, his shoulders drooped a little.
" after the night of noah's baptism, i couldn't get you off my mind.
i wanted to prove to myself that i wasn't so enamored by you.
so after having a couple of drinks one night, kara and i went to my car and fooled around. "
" you got drunk? "
he gave a mirthless laugh.
" that is what is most shocking to you in what i just told you? "
" did you think i would be mad at you for messing around with some woman when we weren't dating? "
" yes, " he answered honestly.
megan shook her head.
" what you did then was your business.
i mean, i'm not thrilled to hear that you fooled around with her, especially since you wouldn't sleep with me when i asked you to. "
" but don't you see the difference?
i cared for you, and i cared nothing for her.
we were barely in the car fifteen minutes if that tells you anything. "
the corners of her lips tugged up in a small smile.
" i really don't need the details of how much you didn't enjoy yourself. "
he ducked his head.
" i'm sorry.
i shouldn't have said that. "
" but at the same time, i'm glad to hear that you won't be going back for a repeat performance. "
jerking his gaze up to meet hers, he replied, " never could i do that. "
" and you really were trying to get me off your mind? "
" yes, i was. "
" in a warped way, that's very romantic, " she teased.
" i'm glad you think so, " he mumbled.
" look, it's not the fact that she said you were using me for sex that has me so upset. "
" it's not? "
" she threatened me. "
pesh's eyes narrowed.
" physically? "
" not exactly.
she said that if i didn't watch my back, she would report me to the dean. "
a low growl erupted from pesh's chest.
" she seriously said that? "
" yes, she did. "
" i'm sorry that her jealousy and spitefulness is rearing its head.
i never imagined she was such a person when i... well, when i got involved with her.
i 'll make sure to speak to her.
no one should have to work in a hostile environment, and she must understand that just because of her seniority, she is not allowed to harass you. "
pesh watched megan fidget on her feet while nibbling on her bottom lip.
" do you not want me to speak to her? "
" no, that's fine.
it's just... " " is there something else? "
" you know how much i like you.
i mean, the very fact i agreed to date you shows how much i'm committed to you. "
pesh crossed his arms over his chest.
" i'm thinking there's a 'but'coming that i'm not going to like. "
megan sighed.
" but at the same time, whatever it is that is happening between us... " she swallowed hard.
" i've worked really hard in school, pesh.
i don't want anything on my record that could hurt my chances of getting a job. "
if she was the crying type, he would have sworn her eyes shimmered with tears.
he came around the counter to pull her into his arms.
" hey now, don't you worry one bit about getting into trouble.
anyone who has seen you in action on the floor knows what a talented and gifted nurse you are. "
she sniffled.
" if there's even a rumor of me having an affair with an attending physician, i could be blacklisted. "
pesh pulled away to grip her chin in his fingers.
" after i speak to kara, you will have nothing to worry about, okay? "
he could tell that even though she wanted to relax and let go of her anxiety, she couldn't.
" come on.
let's fix you up. "
she wiped her eyes.
" what do you mean? "
with a wink, he went over to the cabinet and got down a wine glass.
then he poured some white wine into the glass before setting it down on the bar.
" take that. "
megan glanced at the glass and then back at him.
" are you trying to ply me with wine? "
" maybe. "
she leaned forward and picked it up.
he watched as she couldn't resist the temptation and she took a hearty gulp.
closing her eyes, she murmured, " that's so good. "
" i'm glad you like it. "
he walked around the counter again.
this time he took her free hand.
" come on. "
" where are we going? "
" for part two of your relaxation. "
megan smiled at him before he began tugging her down the hall.
when he got into the bedroom, he noticed her sigh of frustration when they bypassed the bed for the bathroom.
" while i finish dinner for us, you need to soak in a nice, hot bath. "
" you spoil me, " she protested with a smile.
he gave her a playful wink before turning on the bath water.
once he got the temperature right, he turned back to her.
" bubbles?
bath salt? "
she raised her brows.
" don't tell me you actually have those?
i mean, i know you're a metrosexual but really? "
" we all have our secrets, " he replied.
he didn't have the heart to tell her that he had kept some of jade's bath and body works stuff.
he might've tried to bury them under the bathroom counter to get them out of sight and out of mind, but they were still there.
he rummaged around to pull out a vanilla bottle as well as a peach.
he held them up to megan for her approval.
" hmm, vanilla. "
" good choice. "
it was the one scent that didn't remind him of jade since she never used it.
he poured a healthy cupful under the water, letting the foam magnify.
" ready to get in? "
megan glanced down at herself before looking back at him.
" well, i seem to still be dressed. "
pesh cocked his head at her.
" oh really?
i can help you with that. "
he took the wine glass from her and sat it on the counter.
his fingers came to the hem of her shirt.
without taking his eyes off of hers, he jerked it up and over her head.
he gazed down at her simple, white bra.
she sucked in a breath when his fingers skimmed her abdomen before he gripped the waistband of her scrubs and tugged them down.
she stepped out of the pants, standing before him in only her bra and skimpy thong.
taking her by the shoulders, he gently turned her around.
his fingers trailed down her back to the clasp of her bra.
once he unhooked it, he brought his hands up to slide it off her shoulders.
unable to resist the softness of her skin, he bent his head to kiss along her back.
as he dropped the bra to the floor, his hands skimmed up her ribcage to cup her br**sts.
" mmm, " megan murmured, letting her head fall back against his chest.
" i'm only supposed to be undressing you, " he argued, as he let her br**sts fall free of his hands.
she immediately picked them up and brought them back to cup her flesh.
" i like the way you undress me.
it's very relaxing. "
rolling her puckered ni**les between his fingers, he was rewarded with her gasp of pleasure.
" the water is getting cold, " he warned.
" i'm getting so hot, i can warm it up. "
he chuckled against her ear before taking his hands away from her.
as she whined in protest, his fingers jerked her thong down over her thighs.
she raised her feet to step out of the underwear.
" all right.
get in. "
" tease, " she muttered, before walking over to the tub.
he only got to admire her na**d backside for a moment before she lowered herself into the tub and disappeared under the foam.
leaning back against the wall, she closed her eyes in bliss.
" this feels amazing. "
" good. "
" but you know what would feel even better? "
" what? "
her eyes popped open, and she smiled invitingly up at him.
" if you were in here with me. "
" really? "
" mmm, hmm. "
" i should be finishing dinner, " he argued, feebly.
megan eyed the growing bulge in his pants.
" i think you should be in here letting me finish you. "
he threw his head back and laughed.
" fine.
you drive a hard bargain, my lady. "
he quickly unbuttoned and took off his shirt.
then his fingers went to the button and zipper on his pants.
he slid them and his boxers down and stepped out of them, leaving him naked.
megan didn't take her eyes off him the whole time.
he shifted them in the water, bringing megan up to straddle him, but she was facing away from him.
" what are you doing? "
she asked.
he brought his hands to her shoulders and started massaging the tense muscles.
" helping you relax. "
she ground herself against his erection.
" i was hoping a couple of orgasms would do that instead. "
he chuckled.
" don't you believe in foreplay? "
" yes, but not when i'm this horny. "
bending his head, he let his warm breath tickle her outer ear.
" you, my love, are never going to be a candidate for tantric sex.
you will never allow yourself to enjoy delayed pleasure and release. "
" i want to try-honest, i do. "
" but just not this evening, right? "
one of his hands abandoned her shoulder to slide down in between her legs.
she gasped as his thumb rubbed against her clit.
as he continued stroking her with his thumb, he pushed two fingers into her slick passage.
megan whimpered and thrust her h*ps against him.
pesh kissed and licked her wet neck and back as he pumped his fingers in and out of her.
" does that feel good? "
" yes, oh yes, " she murmured.
he increased the pressure of his thumb, and megan shrieked, bucking her h*ps faster and faster against his fingers.
when his other hand cupped and kneaded her breast, she cried out and came, her walls clenching against his fingers.
once she finished shuddering, she collapsed back against him.
" feeling better now? "
" a little. "
she twisted her body around to where she was facing him.
" i want you inside me the next time i come. "
she rose up and then took his erection in her hand.
while keeping her eyes on his, she guided him into her core.
slowly, she sunk inch by inch on him.
when she was fully seated, they both moaned at the feeling.
at the intensity of what he felt inside her, pesh was thankful she had taken him up on the birth control script where he didn't have to use condoms anymore.
she brought her hands up to his shoulders, and then she began to ride him.
his hands came to grip her waist as his head bent forward to suckle one of her ni**les into his mouth.
his teeth grazed the bud before his tongue flicked and teased it into a hardened point.
throwing her head back, megan's walls tensed and convulsed around him.
he knew he had a long way to go before he was going to come.
once she recovered, megan panted as she started riding him faster, causing the water to slosh around them.
as his mouth latched onto her other breast, megan threw her head back and moaned.
" harder, " she urged.
pesh continued sucking her nipple as he began to thrust his h*ps up in time to meet her movements.
each time he went a little deeper, and it caused megan to be more and more vocal.
she tugged at the strands of his hair and clawed at his chest as she strove harder and harder for her orgasm.
" please, please, " she panted, as her hands came to cup her own br**sts.
as she pinched and tweaked her own ni**les, it was pesh's undoing.
shoving his hand down between her legs, he flicked her clit, sending her over the edge again.
her movements caused him to jerk once and then come in her.
once he finished shuddering and came back to himself, megan stared at him with an utterly satiated expression.
" that was... amazing. "
" thank you. "
" where did a nice boy like you learn to f**k? "
pesh chuckled at her choice of language.
" you know, a person's reputation has nothing to do with how they are in the bedroom.
i'm sure there are many tough biker dudes out there who wouldn't know a clitoris from a labia-if they even knew that terminology. "
" hmm, i suppose that's true.
my ex liked to think he was a ladies man, but half of the time, i had to take matters into my own hands if i was going to finish. "
she shot him a wicked grin.
" thankfully, i have a lover now who has the most amazing tongue and dick.
i never have to worry about coming now. "
" and don't you forget how amazing he is. "
her expression turned solemn as she replied, " i could never forget his attributes both in and out of the bedroom. "
he smiled.
" i'm glad to hear that. "
after he gave her a somewhat chaste kiss, he asked, " how about we test out my kitchen attributes now? "
" sounds good.
i'm starving, " she replied, as she climbed out of the tub.
pesh followed her out, handing her one of his plush towels.
after she finished drying off, he gave her a terry cloth robe to put on.
she slid it on and tied the front together.
" wait here.
i 'll bring it to you. "
" dinner in bed?
that would be marvelous. "
he winked before heading out of the bedroom.
he fixed two heaping platefuls of food.
after putting the plates on a tray, he got two bottles of water out of the fridge.
when he got back to the bedroom, he found her lounging back against the pillows with an expression of pure relaxation.
after he set the tray down on the bed, he smiled.
" i want to try something with you. "
" what is it? "
she asked.
he undid the ties on his robe, letting it fall open.
after shrugging it off his shoulders, he stood na**d before her.
megan's eyes widened.
" what are you doing? "
without answering her, he climbed onto the bed.
his hands went to the lapels on her robe.
he opened them and then pushed the robe open to her waist.
" i thought we were eating dinner, " she murmured huskily.
" we are. "
while her brows furrowed in confusion, he passed her a plate and a fork.
then he took his.
" pesh, why are we eating dinner naked? "
" i want to teach you about delayed gratification. "
" the tantric stuff? "
" yes. "
she eyed him curiously.
" okay. "
" look into my eyes, " he commanded.
when her blazing blue eyes were trained on his, he brought a forkful of food to her mouth.
" open up, " he said.
her gaze held his as her tongue darted out, tentatively tasting the spicy rice.
when she decided that she liked it, her mouth clamped over the fork.
as she chewed, she still remained staring at him.
" feed me, " he insisted.
she momentarily broke their eye contact to stare down at the plate.
she speared a piece of lamb before bringing it to his mouth.
after he took in the bite, his tongue slid over his lips, licking up the remaining sauce.
something stirred in her at his action-a slight tremble.
he brought a piece of lamb to her mouth, and she wrinkled her nose.
" i don't like lamb. "
he nodded and then took the bite for himself.
he then picked some of the vegetables and brought them to her.
this time she took the forkful.
" it's very good, pesh. "
" i'm glad you like it. "
each time she took the fork into her mouth, he couldn't help imagining that it was his c**k instead.
sitting na**d with her in such a close proximity had his juices beginning to flow.
when she lowered her gaze to eye her plate for his next bite, she caught sight of his growing erection.
immediately, she started to put her plate down, but he stopped her.
" not yet. "
" but you're hard, and i'm getting wet sitting here with you staring at me like you're already buried inside me. "
" that's the point, my love.
how good do you think it's going to be when i do finally get inside you? "
" oh, " she murmured.
as she swept up a forkful of rice, she brought it to his mouth.
" so how long do we do this? "
she asked.
" until we clean our plates. "
she appeared both disappointed and frustrated at his response.
to give her something else to focus on, he brought the fork to her mouth.
she took from him, chewing methodically while staring into his eyes.
each time he fed her a bite, he tried conveying through his gaze what he was imagining doing to her.
a bite of vegetables had him sucking her breast, his tongue flicking over her nipple.
a forkful of rice had his face buried in her wet core as he licked her juices.
as she chewed and swallowed, pesh could tell desire was overtaking her.
" can i have some water? "
she asked.
with a nod, he brought one of the bottles to her lips.
she drank in long gulps, her eyes never leaving his.
when she finished swallowing, she gave him a grateful smile.
then in a flash, she tackled him, causing his plate to flip over onto the sheets.
" megan! "
he cried.
she was too busy kicking out of her robe to care.
at the sight of smeared vegetables and rice on the sheet next to him, he began to laugh.
his chest shook so hard that he wanted to clutch his stomach, but megan's body was in the way.
as she gazed down at him, he pushed the long, blonde strands of hair out of her face.
" i don't believe we were finished eating, " he chastised.
she drew his bottom lip between her teeth, causing him to groan.
at the same time, her wet core ground against his cock.
" i guess you 'll just have to punish me the next time, " she replied.
cupping her bu**ocks, he sent a resounding smack against one of her cheeks.
her eyes widened.
" pesh nadeen, did you actually just spank my ass? "
he grinned up at her before smacking the other cheek.
" mmm, i like this side of you, " she murmured, before bringing her lips to his.
as their tongues battled against each other, pesh flipped megan over onto her back.
after spreading her legs, he buried himself deep inside her with one thrust.
" oh god, that feels amazing, " she cried.
" see how much better it is when you wait? "
he questioned, as he leisurely moved in and out of her.
" yes, mmm, it's so good.
you're right. "
although her body trembled, she wasn't close yet.
he continued his pace of slow strokes within her.
then he took her legs and put them on his shoulders to where he could pump deeper inside her.
she moaned at the feeling, her hands sliding up above her head to grip the sheets.
pesh ducked his head to bring his mouth to her br**sts, alternating between each one.
as he felt her begin to tense up, he increased the pressure of his tongue on her ni**les, lightly grazing them with his teeth.
and then she came apart beneath him, crying out and clasping her hands onto his shoulders.
the sight of her was so alluring he couldn't hold back, and he came in a rush inside her.
when he 'd finished shuddering, he raised his head to gaze down at her.
her eyelids fluttered open, and then she smiled sheepishly up at him.
" sorry for being a tantric sex failure. "
he laughed.
" baby, i don't care about that one bit.
i like the fact you're aggressive when it comes to f**king. "
her hands feathered over his back and down to his ass.
as she squeezed his cheeks, he sucked in a breath.
" you're very good at that. "
" you think so? "
" mmm, hmm. "
" how good are you at laundry? "
he asked, motioning to the leftover dinner that was now staining the sheets.
she swatted his ass playfully.
" i was planning on taking care of that. "
" why don't we get dressed and then sit down and really eat? "
" i think that sounds like a good idea. "
" good.
i want to make sure you're feeling your best for what i have to ask you. "
as he pulled himself off megan, her brows furrowed.
" what is it? "
" can't it wait until we finish eating? "
rolling her eyes, megan said, " you know i can't wait for things. "
pesh sighed as he bent down to pick up his robe.
as he slid his arm through the hole, he met megan's questioning gaze.
" i wanted to invite you to dinner at my sister's house this weekend. "
" okay, i think i can do that. "
tilting her head, she eyed him suspiciously.
" why did you think i would need to be feeling my best for that? "
" it won't just be my sister and her husband.
all of my family will be there, including my parents. "
megan's eyes widened.
" you want to introduce me to your parents? "
" yes, i would. "
she nibbled on her bottom lip as she was prone to do when she was nervous.
" but that would mean we're pretty serious, right? "
" yes, " he replied, with utter certainty.
scooting to the edge of the bed, she gripped her gaping robe as best she could.
she stared up at him.
" you're not the least bit worried what they're going to say about you dating me? "
" no, i'm not. "
the corners of her lips tugged up in a smile.
" then i 'll go, " she said softly.
" really? "
when she bobbed her head, he rushed forward to wrap her in his arms.
" thank you, my love.
you've made me very happy. "
" you make me happy every day.
it's the least i can do. "
with her head buried in pesh's chest, she was finally able to let the smile she had plastered on fade into a frown.
while she should have been elated that pesh wanted to introduce her to his family, she couldn't help feeling overwhelmed.
what if they hated her?
what if their dislike caused pesh to not want to see her anymore?
she didn't want to think about what it would be like not having him in her life.
at the same time, it was hard processing all the emotions that pesh's devotion made her feel.
davis had never wanted to introduce her to his parents.
she met them by accident after one of his games.
now she had a man who wanted nothing more than to share all aspects of his life with her.
it was hard to process.
in the end, she could only hope that everything went well.
chapter nineteen the following day at work when pesh found a lull in patients, he stepped into the nurses'station.
while he said hello to some of the other men and women of the nursing staff, he had a singular focus of getting to megan.
when he joined her at the counter where she was doing paperwork, she jumped like he had tasered her.
" go away, " megan hissed.
he chuckled.
" you know, i think i can be seen back here in the nurses'station without arising any suspicion.
after all, i could be discussing a patient with you. "
" then you better start talking in patient codes very soon. "
" i wanted to know if it would be all right to pick you up at seven on friday evening? "
when megan jerked her gaze off the chart she was working on, her blue eyes bulged in horror at him.
in a low voice, she said, " i can not believe you are talking about a date here at work.
do you care anything about my reputation? "
he held his hands up defensively.
" i'm sorry.
i don't know what i was thinking besides the fact that i missed you and wanted to talk to you. "
megan's expression softened.
" i'm sorry, but we can't be that way here. "
pesh opened his mouth to protest when a voice behind them cut him off.
" don't you two look cozy, " kara mused.
pesh whirled around to find kara staring at them with venom burning in her eyes.
" excuse me, but i need to get another chart off the carousel, " megan said, with her head tucked to her chest.
she turned to go, but kara reached out and grabbed her arm.
" if you don't mind, exam room three needs a clean-up. "
" kristi is the only one authorized to give me orders around here, " megan replied.
kara pursed her ruby red lips.
" insubordination and sleeping with a doctor-you really have a career death wish, don't you? "
megan started to protest, but pesh stopped her.
glaring at kara, he said, " i want to talk to you.
alone. "
after shooting megan a triumphant look, kara let pesh lead her out of the nurses'station and down the hall.
" what in the hell do you think you're doing? "
he demanded.
" saving you from making a huge mistake.
you don't need a girl like that-you need a woman to take care of you. "
when her hands started to snake up around his neck, pesh grabbed them.
" don't touch me! "
he snarled.
a sultry smile spread across her face.
" you liked when i touched you before. "
" that was one time-a drunken mistake that i regret daily, and i never intend on making again. "
she narrowed her eyes at him.
" so you're throwing me aside for a young bimbo? "
" do not speak that way about megan ever again.
do you hear me? "
" and do you really feel that she thinks you're worth throwing her career away for? "
pesh closed the gap between them.
looming over kara, his entire body shuddered in anger.
" listen to me when i say that if you threaten to expose megan one more time, i will make life a living hell for you.
as the supervising physician over the er, i can have you shipped off to some hellhole far from here. "
he glared down at her.
" do you understand me? "
she slowly nodded her head as the realization that there was nothing between them finally dawned on her.
" if you 'll excuse me, i need to go clean my exam room. "
as she hurried past him, pesh exhaled a breath of relief.
he never used that tone of voice with women, or men for that matter, unless he was absolutely pushed to do so.
but kara's previous behavior and the way she 'd acted today had forced him to become what he wasn't.
at the feel of a hand on his back, he whirled around.
megan gave him a beaming smile.
" my hero! "
he laughed at her expression and words.
" you don't have to worry about her harassing you or me for that matter.
i took care of things. "
" i heard you. "
he grimaced.
" you did? "
she nodded.
" it was amazing. "
" i'm glad you thought so. "
" i've never had a man take up for me like that before. "
pesh shook his head.
" that's a shame. "
" if we weren't in the middle of the er's hallway, i 'd kiss you to show my gratitude. "
he smiled.
" i 'll gladly take a rain check. "
" oh you will?
that's good to know. "
lowering his voice, he said, " i 'll expect that kiss later tonight when we're alone.
and i don't just want it on the lips. "
his brows rose.
" i want it on several places on my body. "
megan grinned.
" i think that can be arranged. "
" i 'll be looking forward to it. "
" dr.
nadeen? "
a nurse called from the top of the hall.
" yes? "
" you're needed in rxam room four. "
" as soon as i finish this patient consultation, i 'll be there, " he replied.
at his blatant lie, megan covered her mouth to hide her giggling.
" i have to go.
but can i come over tonight? "
" yep.
let me get mason fed and bathed, and then i'm yours. "
" see you later. "
he winked at her before he turned and started down the hall.
a few nights later pesh found himself speeding along the quiet streets of megan's neighborhood.
his phone dinged once again.
slowing down, he took a peek to make sure it wasn't the hospital.
he wasn't too surprised to find it was another text from megan.
he could tell from the way she had been frantically texting him that afternoon and evening that she was nervous, which was totally surprising to him.
she was so strong and fearless that it was hard for him to imagine her ever feeling nervous.
but he supposed that in megan's mind she had good cause to be nervous as tonight he was introducing her to his family.
after he picked her up, they were going to his sister, shveta's, house for dinner.
his parents, along with at least one of his brothers, would be there.
although he had spent a lot of time with her family, it hadn't quite meant the same thing as her spending time with his.
he didn't know if her nerves stemmed from simply meeting his family or if they were from the fear of how far their relationship had progressed in the last few months.
he turned into the driveway at ten after seven.
he didn't even get up the front porch steps before the door flew open, and megan rushed out.
her diminutive figure wobbled a little on the black high heels she was sporting.
she wore black pants, and a dressy red top that had a lot of beading.
it reminded him of the kurta, a style that women from his culture wore.
he wondered if she had chosen it for that reason.
" you look beautiful, " pesh murmured, leaning in to kiss her tenderly.
when she didn't warm to his touch, he gazed down at her.
" what's wrong? "
rolling her eyes, she snapped.
" duh, i'm really nervous. "
" you're really that worried about my family's opinion of you? "
she threw up her hands.
" of course, i am.
your family is very important to you.
i don't want... " she tore her gaze from his.
" you don't want what? "
he pressed.
" i don't want to bring shame to you. "
he bit down on his lip to keep from laughing at her.
he couldn't believe megan was so concerned with his family's opinion.
his heartbeat accelerated at the thought.
it had to mean she really was falling in love with him.
he brushed a silky strand of blonde hair out of her face.
" sweetheart, you're not the first american girl i've brought home with me. "
" yes, i'm well aware of that.
i'm also aware of the fact of how well your family loved and accepted jade.
it might not be the same way with me. "
she stared up at him.
" i'm not like her, pesh.
i'm not meek and good-hearted. "
he shook his head.
" that's not true.
you are good-hearted.
i see that part of you each and every day. "
cupping her chin with his fingers, he brought her gaze to his.
" you saw my brother, dev.
through all of his missteps and antics, my parents still love him very much.
so i promise you there is nothing you can do to where they won't like you or where you 'll bring shame on me.
okay? "
she gave a reluctant nod.
" okay. "
taking her by the hand, he led her off the porch.
once he 'd gotten her in the car, he went around and slid into the driver's seat.
when pesh cranked up the car, megan gasped in horror.
" what? "
he asked.
she motioned to the clock on the dash.
" oh my god, we're going to be late.
can i make a worse first impression? "
pesh laughed.
" maybe i should tell you a few things, etiquette wise, so tonight will go a little easier. "
" what does that have to do with us being late? "
" because it's considered good form to arrive thirty minutes late. "
" seriously? "
" yes. "
" huh, i didn't know that. "
" well, how could you? "
" i tried doing a little research.
i even watched monsoon wedding, " she said.
pesh laughed.
" did you now? "
" yeah, it was pretty good.
i kinda hated there weren't more dance numbers and songs. "
" megan, i'm pretty sure none of my family is going to break out into song like in a bollywood movie tonight, " he said, with amusement ringing in his voice.
she rolled her eyes.
" i didn't expect them to, smart-ass. "
he tsked at her.
" so testy tonight. "
after exhaling a long breath, she gave him an apologetic smile.
" i'm sorry i'm so bitchy. "
" you're not bitchy. "
" and you're lying. "
" regardless of your out-of-control emotions, i know that my family is going to love you just as much as i do. "
the moment the words left his lips he grimaced.
there was the big l word.
they hadn't actually exchanged it yet, and now he 'd managed to screw up and say it before he could find the right time.
" oh god, did you have to say that now?
like i'm not nervous enough! "
" i'm sorry, " he murmured.
burying her head in her hands, she groaned.
" this is... you are... i... "
" look, you don't- " " i love you, too! "
she shouted from behind her hands.
his hands jerked on the wheel, and he sent the car careening onto the emergency lane.
when he recovered and got the car back into the right lane, he dared himself to look over at her.
she peeked at him through her fingers.
" i love you, pesh.
i really f**king do. "
" oh megan, " he whispered.
pulling her hands away from her face, she gave him a genuine smile.
" i love you more than any man i've ever known. "
" i love you more- " suddenly he found himself unable to continue.
did he love her more than he had jade?
he had spent years with jade and had only months with megan.
if he did love megan more, what did that say about his relationship with jade?
she reached over and took one of his hands in hers.
" hey, you don't have to say what i said.
our situations are completely different. "
he clenched and unclenched his jaw.
" no woman wants half a man's heart, " he argued.
" but i know it isn't half your heart.
and i wouldn't want you to stop loving me just because i died, so why would i expect you to do the same with jade? "
" it's not fair to you, " he croaked.
" life's not fair, baby.
you have to get used to that one. "
she squeezed his hand.
" besides, i know what i feel when i feel your love.
there's no half about it.
you love me with all your heart and soul. "
" i do.
i honestly do. "
unfastening her seat belt, she lunged over to kiss him.
when she started to deepen the kiss, he had to pull away.
" hey now, you got ta stop that or we're not going to make it to my parents. "
she giggled and then eased back down into her seat.
she managed to behave herself the remaining five minutes.
when he pulled into his parents drive, he saw it was already crowded with cars.
the sight of so many people set megan off, and she began tapping her fingers nervously on her leg.
" ready? "
he asked, as he turned to her.
" as i 'll ever be, " she muttered.
he shook his head as he got out of the car.
like always, he opened her car door and helped her out.
as they started up the sidewalk, megan was a flurry of movement.
she smoothed down her hair and then she adjusted her top.
then she fiddled with her purse on her shoulder.
" quit fidgeting, " pesh whispered, as he rang the doorbell.
" i can't help it.
i'm nervous. "
he grinned down at her.
" megan, they're going to love you.
i promise. "
she shook her head.
" they're going to hate me because i'm not a submissive indian woman.
wait until they hear i had a child out of wedlock.
they 'll be ready to disown you then. "
the door flew open, cutting off the rest of their conversation.
" brother, it's so good to see you! "
his brother-in-law, sanjay, cried.
after he hugged pesh, his gaze went to megan.
his eyes widened, and he gasped in surprise.
" uh, hello. "
" hi, " megan said.
sanjay gave pesh a curious look.
" you didn't tell me you were bringing company. "
" this is megan. "
with a self-assured tone, he added, " she's my girlfriend. "
" really?
well, what about that? "
sanjay gave megan a welcoming smile.
" we're so glad to have you. "
" thank you, " megan replied.
as sanjay turned to go into the living room, megan smacked pesh's arm.
" you didn't tell them you were bringing me? "
he shook his head.
" no, i like the element of surprise when it comes to my love life. "
" s-seriously? "
she sputtered.
" it's better this way.
trust me. "
before she could say anything else, pesh started taking off his shoes.
wide-eyed, megan watched him.
quickly, she stepped out of her heels and put them in the pile next to his.
" more etiquette you forgot to tell me? "
she hissed.
he patted the small of her back.
" you're fine. "
as they came into the living room, pesh felt megan tense at his side.
he supposed that it was overwhelming coming into a room packed full of strangers.
his sister, shveta, came forward first.
" hello brother.
you're looking well this evening. "
" thank you.
so are you. "
he hugged her tight.
as he pulled away, he glanced down at her swollen belly.
" and how is the future prince doing? "
shveta smiled and brought her hand to her abdomen.
" he's busy kicking me at the moment. "
when she spied megan behind him, she gasped.
" and who is this? "
he drew in a breath and gazed around his family.
" before i go through this with each and every one of you, i might as well get it out of the way.
i want to introduce you to someone very special, my girlfriend, megan. "
deafening silence reverberated around the room after his statement.
his mother and father exchanged a glance before staring back at pesh.
megan tucked herself even closer to his side.
although public displays of affection between men and women were frowned upon in his culture, he wrapped his arm around her waist.
" well, say something, " he commanded.
" we're sorry, son.
it's just you caught us off guard, " his mother said.
his father's bushy brows rose.
" so you're really dating, eh? "
" yes, i am. "
at his declaration, his father clapped his hands and grinned.
" that is most wonderful to hear! "
he came forward to embrace megan.
" you are very welcome here. "
" thank you, " she said.
" i'm charlie, " his father introduced.
" megan, " she replied, with a small smile.
pesh peered past his father where his mother stood chewing her lip.
he could tell she wasn't entirely happy that another blonde-haired, blue-eyed woman was standing beside her son.
while shveta and arjan had both sought out indian partners to marry, he and dev were somewhat the black sheep since they hadn't chosen to settle down with women within their culture.
finally, his mother's manners won out over anything else, and she stepped forward to shake megan's hand.
" i'm lavani.
it's nice to meet you. "
" nice meeting you, too, " megan replied.
the room then fell into an awkward silence.
pesh glanced around, willing someone to say something.
his mother cleared her throat.
" i 'll go and finish up dinner. "
as she started into the kitchen, shveta followed her, along with arjan's wife.
since it was customary for women to be in the kitchen, pesh found it to be only megan left with the men.
it didn't go without her notice either.
" should i go and offer to help? "
she questioned, in a whisper.
" sure.
that would be nice. "
her expression told him that she really didn't want to leave his side, but she did anyway.
once she was out of earshot, pesh found everyone's eyes on him.
" what? "
charlie chuckled.
" you even have to ask, my son? "
" so ask your questions and get it over with before megan comes back in here, " he replied, as he collapsed onto the couch.
he faced a barrage of questions about where they met, how long they had been seeing each other, and how serious was it.
he mustered as much patience as he could to answer them all.
when he was finished, the men sat back in surprised silence.
" i never thought i would see the day, " his father mused.
sanjay shook his head.
" oh, i knew the day would come.
i saw that when he was out with emma. "
charlie's brows furrowed.
" emma? "
pesh pinched his eyes shut and wished his brother-in-law didn't have such a good memory.
" just a friend. "
with a snort, sanjay replied, " you certainly didn't look at her like she was a friend, even if she was pregnant. "
" you were with a pregnant woman? "
charlie asked.
" alpesh how could you? "
his mother demanded from the doorway.
" how could i what? "
pesh asked.
lavani's expression was horror stricken.
" get a woman... in the family way. "
pesh rocketed off the couch.
he glanced past his mother to where megan stood.
" you're...? "
he couldn't even form the words.
megan's face flushed blood red.
" no!
of course, i'm not! "
lavani gave him a confused look.
" not her, " she replied, pointing at megan.
" this emma that sanjay speaks of. "
bringing his hand to his forehead, he rubbed furiously to try to ward off the ache that was starting to pound in his head.
everything was getting shot to hell so fast.
" first of all, emma and i were never intimate.
she was pregnant by the man she is now married to.
yes, i took her to the opera with sanjay and shveta, but there was nothing really between us. "
he shook his head and couldn't help wondering if he would ever have to stop explaining what had happened between him and emma.
" second of all, could everyone just back off for a second?
i mean, you're not exactly giving megan a very good impression of our family. "
a nervous laugh erupted from megan's lips.
she covered her mouth with her hand, trying to hide her giggling.
he winked at her, and she lowered her hand to smile at him.
" fine, fine.
now that we've cleared all that up, why don't we eat? "
lavani suggested.
" that sounds wonderful, " charlie replied.
as they made their way into the dining room, pesh went to megan's side.
" you surviving okay? "
he whispered.
" i'm hanging in there.
i may need a drink when we leave. "
" just no silver tequila for you, " he mused.
without the others catching her, megan smacked his arm.
" ass, " she hissed under her breath.
he chuckled as he held out the chair for megan.
" thank you, " she said before sitting down.
he then eased in beside her.
as the dishes began making their way around the table, he felt megan kick him.
when he glanced at her in surprise, she whispered, " where is the silverware? "
" we eat with our hands. "
" seriously? "
" yes. "
he leaned over to whisper in her ear.
" but don't use your left hand because it's considered rude. "
she jerked back to stare wide-eyed at him.
" i'm left handed, " she protested.
he fought the urge to smile at her horror.
he could tell that she would rather die than do something to embarrass him in front of his family.
" you 'll be fine.
they won't expect as much out of you since you're american. "
" alpesh, whatever is it that you're whispering about? "
lavani asked, narrowing her eyes at him.
" i was just telling megan what a wonderful cook you are.
she loves indian food, so i'm sure she's in for a treat. "
pesh squeezed megan's knee under the table.
she cut her eyes over to him and smiled.
once the plates had been passed around and everyone served, they began to eat.
" mmm, the samosa is delicious, " megan complimented.
" thank you, " lavani replied, with a beaming smile.
as his mother turned her attention to shveta, pesh bowed his head and spoke in a low voice to megan.
" once i tried bribing beau with some samosa. "
she laughed.
" you did?
why? "
" i was at aidan's house checking on emma when she was on bed rest.
i guess you could say he didn't like me invading his turf. "
" would he not take it from you? "
" oh, he took it, ate it, and seemed to enjoy it.
but i didn't make any friends that night. "
megan grinned.
" good old beau. "
pesh raised his brows.
" you're siding with the dog? "
" in that scenario, yes.
he was merely protecting emma and noah. "
" i see. "
tilting her head at him, she added, " besides, i don't like any scenario where you and emma are anything more than friends. "
" i was there in a medical capacity, " he argued.
she wagged her finger at him.
" you brought dinner with you.
that fact alone shows you were there for more than just practicing medicine. "
when he quickly pushed her finger down, she gave him a look that was a cross between puzzled and infuriated.
" are you trying to silence me? "
" no, i'm just helping you save face.
we don't point-it's considered rude. "
megan's eyes widened.
" i've done something else wrong now? "
" you're fine. "
she shook her head.
" next time, you better plan on giving me a crash course in indian culture before you even think about bringing me around your family. "
across the table from them, shveta cleared her throat.
when pesh and megan glanced at her, she smiled.
" you're doing fine, megan.
please don't worry about following all the rules of our culture.
we certainly don't expect you to. "
megan returned shveta's smile.
" thank you.
i would never dream of doing anything to offend you. "
" of course you wouldn't, " charlie replied.
pesh didn't dare sneak a peek at his mother.
after all, she was the one who upheld the traditions and customs of their heritage while his father had tried to americanize himself as much as possible, right down to changing his name.
charlie dabbed the corners of his mouth with his napkin.
" i understand you have a son, megan. "
she smiled.
" yes, mason is almost two.
he's my entire world. "
" you should have brought him with you this evening.
we would have loved to meet him, " shveta said.
" maybe next time.
of course, after you see how much energy he has, you might change your mind. "
as the table laughed, she glanced over at pesh.
" mason truly adores pesh, and pesh is so good with him.
his patience is infinite. "
pesh smiled.
" he's a good boy.
i enjoy spending time with him. "
" so it's serious between you two? "
lavani asked.
" uh, well- " megan began before she was interrupted by the doorbell.
sanjay rose out of his chair.
" that must be dev. "
" how surprising that he's so late? "
shveta mused with a smile.
pesh almost laughed at the horrified expression on megan's face at the mention of dev.
" you didn't tell me he was going to be here! "
she hissed.
" i wasn't sure if he was coming or not.
but don't worry.
things are fine between us now. "
megan gave him a skeptical look as dev walked into the dining room.
" hey everybody, " he said, throwing up a hand.
at the sight of megan sitting next to pesh, dev's eyes widened.
" well, well, if it isn't miss right hook, " he mused with a smirk.
" it's miss left hook, actually, " she corrected.
dev grinned.
" good to know. "
" you've met megan, dev? "
lavani asked curiously.
" we had the pleasure of meeting each other one day when i went by the hospital to see alpesh. "
at megan's sharp intake of breath, dev winked at her.
he then eased down across from them and began piling food on his plate.
" so you guys work together and now you're dating, huh? "
" yes, " pesh replied.
after taking a bite of his samosa, dev motioned at them while he chewed.
" alpesh is sort of your boss, right? "
pesh could feel megan's anger rising.
" no, actually he isn't.
i have a preceptor, or head nurse, who is my boss.
and before you can make it sound any seedier, it isn't against the hospital rules to date each other.
besides, we met each other long before i started working at wellstar. "
" is that right? "
dev replied.
" yeah, it is. "
a slow grin slunk across his face.
" i like you, " he said to megan.
" you have an interesting way of showing it. "
charlie chuckled at the head of the table.
" my, my, alpesh, haven't you picked a feisty one? "
pesh glanced at megan, who had flushed the red color of her blouse.
she gave charlie a weak smile.
" i apologize. "
with a tsk, charlie replied, " please don't.
it's been rather refreshing to see you putting dev into his well-deserved place.
i understand you punched him, too. "
when his mother gasped in horror, megan fumbled under the table for pesh's hand.
he squeezed it reassuringly as she ducked her head.
" um, well, i'm sorry to say that i did. "
" in megan's defense, i totally deserved it.
i punched alpesh and said some really shitty things. "
" dev! "
lavani cried.
in true dev fashion, he rolled his eyes at his mother's outrage.
" we're fine now.
everyone calm down. "
he met pesh's gaze.
" i'm happy for you, brother.
you've made a good choice. "
he cut his eyes over to megan.
" i hope you both will be very happy together. "
pesh was taken aback by the sincerity in both dev's words and his expression.
" thank you. "
megan nodded.
" yes, thank you. "
dev leaned back in his chair, clasping his hands behind his head.
" and now to ensure that my news overshadows any excitement brought on by the two of you, i 'd like to announce that i'm getting married next month- " lavani once again gasped in horror.
but dev wasn't finished.
" and i'm going to be a father. "
pesh's mouth gaped open as the table erupted in absolute pandemonium.
he wondered if his mother was going to pass out.
turning to megan, he found her with her napkin over her mouth.
from the way her shoulders were moving up and down, he could tell she was laughing.
he leaned over to whisper in her ear.
" guess we're off the hook, huh? "
she grinned.
" yeah, i think we're good. "
" i love you. "
" i love you more. "
chapter twenty now that he and megan were an official couple who had said the " l " word, pesh no longer had days off where he had to wonder how to pass the time.
he wanted to spend every waking minute with her and with mason, and she always made sure that they had time together.
today found him at patrick's house, wedged on the couch between some of megan's male family members.
just like at his parents, the women were all stationed in the kitchen, putting the finishing touches on sunday lunch.
as soon as becky came in the living room and announced it was time to sit down, there was a stampede to the dining room.
he followed slowly behind the others, searching for megan who he felt like was his lifeline in the crowd.
" where's aidan and emma?
they're never late, " angie remarked, as she sat a giant platter on the table.
liz shrugged.
" they haven't called.
we could go ahead and get started, and then they can start when they get here. "
john pulled out a chair.
" good.
i'm starving. "
becky rolled her eyes.
" you're always starving.
between you and percy, we're going to be eaten out of house and home. "
pesh hung back as the others started taking their seats at the massive mahogany table.
regardless of how welcoming the fitzgerald's had been, he still couldn't help feeling like an outsider.
megan came in carrying a plate of ham.
after she deposited it on the table, her gaze searched the room for him.
when she spotted him, she gave him the smile that always warmed his heart before crooking her finger at him.
as he started to join her, mason came running in.
" get me, esh, " he urged, holding his hands up.
pesh grinned as he stooped over to pick mason up.
" are you hungry? "
pesh asked.
" uh, huh. "
" are you going to sit with me or pesh? "
megan asked.
" esh, " he replied.
" is that okay with you? "
megan asked.
" we 'll be fine. "
she motioned for him to have a seat.
just as they sat down, aidan appeared in the doorway of the dining room with noah in his arms.
" sorry we're late. "
" where's emma? "
megan asked, as she took noah from aidan.
with a grimace, aidan said, " she isn't feeling well.
it seems that with this pregnancy she's having third trimester morning sickness.
i told her i would stay home with her, but she insisted i come get a good meal. "
" poor thing.
we 'll fix her a plate for you to take home to her later on, " megan said.
aidan smiled.
" thanks.
if she can eat it, i know she 'll be grateful. "
patrick clicked his fork against his water goblet.
" is everyone here that's supposed to be here? "
a chorus of, " yes, " rang around the room.
" good.
let's return thanks. "
pesh obediently bowed his head along with the others.
when patrick finished, the dishes were passed around and food was served.
it was certainly a lot different than how his family did it, but he still enjoyed being with megan's family.
while mason ate off his plate, megan gave aidan a break by feeding noah, or more appropriately letting him drape her in food while he fed himself.
" you're a mess, " megan said, into noah's carrot-and-corn crusted face.
his response was to grin at her.
" i'm sorry, mister, but that cute little grin isn't going to work for me. "
" he's so stubborn, " aidan said.
" a stubborn fitzgerald?
i've never heard of such, " becky joked across the table.
aidan shook his head.
" i'm serious.
he refuses to let me or em feed him, and then he ends up wearing more than he eats. "
" sounds like his father, " angie mused.
when aidan gave her an exasperated look, she said, " you were the exact same way.
i don't think you ate a meal until you were two that mother didn't have to hose you off after you finished. "
aidan grunted.
" don't tell em that story.
she already blames me enough for noah's stubbornness. "
megan smiled.
" let's hope that this next baby has emma's temperament. "
" like she isn't stubborn, " aidan countered.
" much less than you are, " megan replied.
pursing his lips, he appeared to be surveying her words.
" you might have a point, " he said, with a grin.
after everyone finished eating, the adults lounged around the table talking and laughing while the kids went into the living room.
both mason and noah wanted to go with the bigger kids.
" will you keep an eye on them? "
megan asked percy.
" sure, " he replied.
" i owe you, perce, " aidan said, as percy took the boys by the hand.
as he sat with his arm draped over the back of megan's chair, pesh enjoyed listening to the lively conversation around him.
occasionally one of aidan's sisters would ask him a question or his opinion.
he had always been naturally quiet, and when he got in the midst of such a lively bunch, he tended to be even quieter.
he realized if he was going to truly fit in, he was going to have to speak up more.
their conversation was interrupted by a shriek that came from the living room followed by a loud wail.
aidan was out of his chair in a flash while megan was close on his heels.
mason came running into the dining room.
" what happened? "
pesh asked.
" noah got hurted. "
aidan reappeared in the dining room with noah in his arms.
" he's fine.
he just fell down. "
taking noah's hand, aidan said, " here daddy will kiss the booboos away, okay? "
noah sniffled and bobbed his head.
once aidan finish with his hand, noah stuck out his leg.
aidan smiled.
" okay. "
once he bent down to noah's leg and kissed it, he asked, " are you daddy's boy? "
" uh-huh. "
angie chuckled.
" that's not fair to do that when emma isn't here. "
as the others laughed, pesh glanced at mason.
he was staring at aidan and noah with a contemplative look on his face.
never in a million years could he have imagined what he would do next.
mason crawled up into his lap and patted pesh's chest.
" esh mace's daddy.
mace daddy's boy. "
conversation in the dining room silenced.
without even looking up, pesh felt his skin singing under the burn of everyone staring at him and mason.
there was no way he could deny the boy when he wore such an expression of happiness.
" yes, you're daddy's boy. "
a strangled cry caused him to snap his gaze from mason over to megan.
wide-eyed and open mouthed, she blinked a few times as if she were trying to believe that what she was seeing was real.
then without another word, she bolted from her chair and fled the room.
pesh sat in a shocked silence for a few seconds trying to decide what to do.
bending over, he whispered into mason's ear, " will you go back and play with the others?
i need to check on mommy. "
when mason nodded, pesh gently sat him back down on the floor.
after he raced out of the dining room, pesh finally glanced at the others.
" excuse me, " he said, before rising out of his chair.
he made his way down the hallway.
he didn't have to look hard for megan-she was in the one bedroom with the door closed.
he rapped lightly on the wood.
when she didn't answer, he went ahead and opened the door.
he found her sitting on the edge of the bed with her head in her hands.
he went over and sat down next to her.
tentatively, he put his hand on her back.
" i'm sorry for not setting mason straight and telling him i wasn't his daddy.
he looked so happy, and i didn't want to hurt him. "
with her elbows braced on her knees, megan turned her head to look at him.
tears streamed down her cheeks.
" you think i'm angry at you? "
he nodded his head.
she hiccupped a cry.
" oh pesh, you're so naive sometimes! "
he jerked back at her words.
" excuse me? "
" just when i think i can't love you more, you go and do something like that. "
before he could process her words, she threw herself at him, kissing his cheeks and mouth.
she straddled his lap and brought her hands around his neck.
" you really love mason, don't you? "
" of course i do. "
" you could see yourself really being a father to him? "
" yes, i could.
but what- " she silenced him with a kiss.
it was one that was laced with desperate emotions.
he wrapped his hands around her waist and drew her closer to him.
just as he was about to deepen the kiss, she pulled away.
" you love me too, don't you? "
" you should have no doubts on that one. "
" you love me enough to be a husband to me? "
her question caused him to suck in a harsh breath.
he felt like he had been kicked in the gut.
" yes, i could-i always have. "
she tilted her head at him and smiled.
" then marry me. "
" excuse me? "
bringing her lips to his, she murmured against his mouth, " marry me.
make me your wife. "
at that moment, he thanked god he was sitting down because if he hadn't been, he was pretty sure he would've done something totally emasculating like fainting.
he also questioned both his hearing and his sanity.
had megan just proposed to him?
surely, he was hallucinating.
" did you just ask me to marry you? "
he questioned lamely.
giggling, megan nodded her head.
" i wish you could see your face right now.
i should be insulted. "
" i'm sorry.
it's just you surprised me. "
she cupped his face in her hands.
" i'm sorry i don't have a ring, and i didn't get down on one knee, " she lovingly teased.
he brought his hands up to touch hers.
" you're really serious? "
" yes, i am. "
bowing his head, he tenderly kissed the tops of her hands.
" i love you so much, megan, and i want nothing more than to make you my wife. "
" so is that a yes? "
" i just want to make sure you know what you're saying.
one minute you're in the dining room, laughing with your family, and then the next you're in here weeping and then proposing to me.
and let's not forget how adamant you have been the entire time i've known you about being too young to get married. "
megan's lips turned down in a pout.
" can't a girl change her mind? "
" yes, of course, but i just want to make sure this is really what you want. "
tears sparkled in her blue eyes.
" you are everything i could ever want in a man.
you love me, you watch out for me, you want the best for me.
while that would be enough to make me want to marry you, you love my son.
you watch out for him and you want the best for him.
i couldn't ever imagine loving someone more than i do you.
i can't imagine wanting to be anyone else's wife but you. "
she sniffled.
" i was so stupid for so long.
i couldn't believe that someone like me could truly deserve someone like you.
but you never gave up on me.
if you give me the chance, i 'll spend the rest of my life trying to make you happy. "
pesh couldn't stop the racing of his heart.
he was sure both his heart rate and blood pressure were off the charts at this moment.
he cupped her cheeks.
" nothing in the world would make me happier than for us to get married. "
" so we're engaged? "
" yes, we are. "
when a smile lit up megan's face, he shook his head.
" but not formally yet.
not until i put a diamond on your hand. "
" but i don't need that to know i'm promised to you and that we're getting married. "
" maybe you don't, but i do. "
she rolled her eyes.
" fine, fine.
i 'll let you buy me a diamond.
a great big one, okay? "
he laughed.
" i promise to spend a fortune. "
" you know i would be happy to wear your ring even if it was a little chip. "
" i know you would.
but i want to spoil my beautiful future wife. "
she grinned.
" okay, i won't argue with you. "
pesh brought his mouth to hers.
as their lips moved against each other, he couldn't believe how lucky he was.
megan was his-she was really going to be his for the rest of his life.
when she flicked her tongue against his, he groaned into her mouth.
considering they were at patrick's with all of her family down the hall, he knew the last thing on his mind should've been flipping her over onto her back and pounding into her.
but he didn't care.
he wanted inside her body.
he had finally made it into her heart, mind, and soul, and he once again wanted to be inside her perfection.
when megan pushed him onto his back, pesh raised his brows at her.
" mmm, i think my future wife is getting ahead of herself.
usually the consummating comes after the wedding, not the engagement, " he teased.
" i think we've consummated enough over the last few months where it doesn't matter. "
" i suppose you're right. "
as she ground her core against his growing erection, she said, " looks like i'm not the only one with consummating on the mind. "
" you should know that has a mind of its own. "
she grinned down at him.
" well, right now i think we're both of the same mind. "
as she continued to grind against him, his hands swept to her br**sts.
he cupped and kneaded the flesh over her top.
at the sound of the door opening, pesh tried to pull away, but he didn't make it in time.
" oh f**king hell! "
aidan's voice boomed from the doorway.
megan quickly scrambled off pesh, and they both rose up, trying to straighten their clothes and hair.
with a pained expression, aidan said, " seriously?
this is my old bedroom! "
pesh chuckled.
" i'm sorry, but you of all people should understand that when the mood hits, you act on it. "
megan smacked his arm playfully.
" that is not exactly what happened. "
holding up one of his hands, aidan said, " frankly, i don't really want to know what happened.
i just came back here to make sure megan was all right.
next time, i 'll make sure someone else comes, so i don't need eye bleach to wipe that out of my memory. "
" ha, ha, very funny, " megan grumbled, as she got off the bed.
" we were only celebrating, " pesh said.
aidan pinched his eyes shut.
" i don't think i even want to know what you were celebrating. "
" our engagement, pervert, " megan replied.
aidan's blue eyes widened.
" holy shit, you two are engaged? "
pesh smiled as he rose off the bed and took megan's hand.
" yes, we are.
well, i mean, i need to go to her father and properly ask for her hand.
and there's the fact she doesn't have a ring. "
shaking his head in disbelief, aidan said, " that's... wow.
i'm so happy for you two. "
" thank you.
and i do mean that.
if it weren't for you and emma, i never would have met megan, " pesh said.
aidan grinned as he clapped pesh on the back.
" you're more than welcome, man.
i'm just so glad you two finally realized how good you were for each other. "
he turned back to the door before motioning them.
" come on, let's go tell the others.
i think this calls for a celebration, but just not the kind that you two were partaking in. "
megan shook her head.
" we weren't going to tell anybody yet. "
pesh nodded.
" she doesn't even have a ring. "
aidan snorted.
" do you really think anyone out there is going to give two shits about whether or not you have a ring? "
" we just want to do it the right way, " pesh replied.
holding up his hands in surrender, aidan said, " all right, i'm not going to argue with you anymore.
but i will say that there is no right way.
hell, look at me and em.
in the end, you have to go with the flow and appreciate the moments that are bigger than you could ever imagine. "
he then turned and strode out of the bedroom.
pesh stole a glance at megan who appeared to be processing aidan's words.
" come on, we better get back out there before they send someone else, " she finally said.
with a smile, he took her hand and led her down the hall.
when they got back to the dining room, everyone glanced expectantly at them.
even though he knew he shouldn't, pesh blurted, " we're engaged! "
he didn't have time to worry about megan's anger about him blabbing because he realized she had said it at the same time he had.
cheers went up over the room, and he was hugged and kissed by megan's aunts.
when megan's father, paul, stood before him, pesh felt like he 'd been kicked in the groin.
" mr. mckenzie, i apologize.
i intended to come to you and ask for megan's hand-to show respect to you and your wife.
i'm so sorry. "
paul shook his head and smiled.
" please don't apologize.
i'm just grateful that she's met such a wonderful man who will be a good husband to her and a good father to mason. "
" i swear to you that i will. "
he and paul shook hands to seal the vow.
in the absence of champagne, wine was poured to celebrate.
at the head of the table, patrick held up his glass.
" to my granddaughter and the good doctor, i give you an irish marriage blessing.
'may god be with you and bless you.
may you see your children's children.
may you be poor in misfortunes and rich in blessings.
may you know nothing but happiness from this day forward.'"
he smiled.
" to megan and pesh. "
the others raised their glasses.
once pesh tasted the rich bouquet of the wine, he leaned over and kissed megan.
he didn't even mind the cat-calls and whistling-he was too happy to care.
chapter twenty-one standing in front of the lighted hotel mirror, megan surmised her appearance.
it was the first time she hadn't been encircled by pesh's mother, sister, and aunts since she had stepped inside the suite an hour ago.
when she had agreed to an indian engagement party, she hadn't quite known what she was getting into.
she thought it would just be a great way to get their friends and family together.
she didn't know that pesh's family didn't do anything on a modest scale.
without her input, the plaza ballroom of the ritz carlton in atlanta had been booked.
when she had dared a peek inside earlier, it had been transformed into something out of a bollywood movie.
she had wanted to honor pesh's culture by dressing just as a true indian prospective bride would, so she had gone sari shopping with lavani and shveta.
what she hadn't bet on was how gorgeously intricate the outfit would be.
now as she gazed at herself in the mirror, she was almost blinded by the glittering stones and beading on the deep purple and gold sari.
the outfit put even the blingiest miss america pageant dress to shame.
the top part was sleeveless, and it ended just below her br**sts.
while the front part appeared to be plain satin, the back was encrusted in beading and gems.
the skirt, with its beaded waistband, started just beneath her belly button and fell to the floor in the most exquisite silky material.
it was hard imagining she was going to be baring her mid-drift, as was the fashion of the sari.
thankfully, she had a jewel encrusted drape that slung across one of her shoulders and down one side.
earlier after one of pesh's aunts had done her makeup, lavani and shveta did her hair.
the long strands were swept back and pinned on the side in loose curls.
a gorgeous purple orchid adorned the curls.
all that was missing from her ensemble was the jewelry that pesh's family had requested that she wear.
apparently, it was all heirloom pieces and kept in a safe at a bank.
although the necklace and earrings were to come, her arms were heavy laden with bangle bracelets that lavani and shveta had put on her.
they both had tears in their eyes when they finished.
" you look absolutely breathtaking, my dear, " lavani said.
megan smiled.
" thank you.
and thank you so much for making tonight happen. "
lavani cupped her cheek.
" i look forward to seeing many happy years between you and my alpesh.
i'm grateful that you make him so happy.
it had been so long since i had seen a light in his eyes.
but when you came into his life, you brought back that light. "
at lavani's words, megan felt tears stinging her eyes.
" thank you, " she murmured.
when she felt like she could speak without crying, she brought her hands together as if she were praying and then bowed her head as was the sign of respect in pesh's culture.
" i want you to know that before pesh, i was in darkness, too.
he has become my light as well.
i can assure you that i will spend the rest of my life honoring him and making him happy.
i am very thankful for the amazing man you have raised. "
lavani's dark eyes filled with tears, and she brought a handkerchief up to dab her eyes.
" thank you, my dear. "
shveta stepped into the bathroom, her face lit up in a broad smile.
" alpesh is here. "
gathering up the bottom of her skirt, megan walked out of the bathroom and into the bedroom.
her heart stopped at the sight of him.
she had never seen him in kurta-pajama, as they were called.
basically, it was a long, tunic like shirt that came to his knees.
underneath he wore loose cotton-like pants.
but his top was made much like hers.
it was gold in color and encrusted in gems and beading.
she didn't want to begin to imagine how much it cost.
when she brought her gaze back to his, she shivered under his heated stare.
" you are a vision of absolute and total perfection, " he said.
doing a little turn, the fabric of her sari twirled around her.
" so you like it? "
he smiled.
" i love it. "
she laughed.
" i feel a little like a poser.
like 'you can put the irish girl in a sari, but you can't take the irish out of the girl'kinda thing. "
" i wouldn't have you any other way, " he said, with a serious, yet tender tone.
" thank you. "
megan eyed the two velvet boxes in his hand.
" ooh, let me see the goodies. "
with a bark of a laugh, pesh sat one of the boxes down on the table before he opened the other.
megan gasped as two enormous earrings glittered back at her.
while there was a thick base, the rest flowed down in flourishing designs that would probably touch her shoulders when she put them on.
they had a gold overlaying, but all the gems were diamonds and amethysts that would match her sari.
" this is why your mother and shveta wanted me to pick a purple sari? "
she questioned.
pesh nodded.
" they're breathtaking, " she murmured.
" wait until you see the necklace, " he replied, with a smile.
her shaky hands reached forward to take one of the earrings.
she quickly worked the clasp and fastened it to her lobe.
then she did the other.
while they were so heavy she felt like they might weigh her down, she glanced up at pesh and smiled.
" thank you. "
" you're welcome, my love. "
he reached for the other box.
megan's eyes widened as the diamonds and deep amethysts sparkled in the light.
he took the necklace out and unfastened the clasp.
he moved behind her and then lifted the necklace over her head.
she closed her eyes at the pleasurable sensation of feeling his closeness.
" there.
now you're ready. "
whirling around to face him, she brought her lips to his.
" i love you. "
his thumb tenderly rubbed her cheek.
" i love you, too. "
from the doorway of the bedroom, lavani tsked disapprovingly at them.
" alpesh, stop mauling her, or you're going to mess up her makeup! "
pesh chuckled.
" i hardly think i was mauling her. "
she waved her hand dismissively.
" come now.
it's time we went downstairs. "
after pesh held out his arm for her, megan slid hers through his.
" don't be nervous, " he murmured into her ear.
" i'm not, " she lied.
" megan, i know you well enough by now that i know when you're nervous.
you fidget and bite your lip. "
" sorry, " she muttered, as they got onto the elevator.
considering it was packed with pesh's family, megan kept her mouth shut about her nerves.
the last thing she wanted to do was to come off wrong in front of them.
when the doors opened, she drew in a couple of deep breaths to still her nerves.
there was a whole lot of pomp and circumstance that she didn't quite understand about how they were all supposed to enter.
she just tried not to mess up the part when she came in with her parents.
just like at a wedding reception, she and pesh sat at a table at the head of the room.
of course, she hadn't quite prepared herself for the golden chairs that looked almost like thrones.
once everyone was assembled, pesh's father got up to speak.
" we are very grateful that you all could be with us this evening.
i know that with megan's friends and family, as well as some of our son's, there are a lot of you unacquainted with our culture.
i will try to explain to you what the proceedings are. "
on the table in front of them were two flower wreaths that reminded her of the leis that you would see in hawaii.
they were in colors of white, gold, and purple.
the wreaths crisscrossed over the black ring boxes.
she knew from what pesh had told her that they would be giving each other rings tonight to symbolize their future union.
it all seemed pretty extreme to her for just an engagement party-it was almost like a wedding.
" it's show-time, " pesh murmured in her ear before he stood up.
she quickly followed his lead.
he took one of the flower wreaths off the table and brought it over her head.
he made sure to adjust her hair so it flowed over the flowers.
when he was done, she did the same, although it was a little harder for her to reach up over his head.
then he took one of the platinum bands and put it on her trembling finger.
" i love you so very much, megan.
there's not another woman in the world i could love like i do you, " he whispered to reassure her.
" i love you so much, too. "
she then slid the band on his hand.
once it was done, applause went out over the ballroom, and pesh pulled her to him for a kiss.
" now what do we do? "
she asked.
he smiled at her.
" we dance. "
after exhaling the breath she had been holding, megan took pesh's hand and let him lead her to the dance floor.
a song she had never heard before in her life began to play from the dj.
" so what were you thinking when it came to the wedding? "
pesh asked.
" something small. "
his brows rose in surprise.
" really?
i was thinking you would want to go all out. "
she shook her head.
" i just want something simple with our closest friends and family.
i don't have to have something showy to make me happy. "
he grinned.
" you know that anything'simple'is not going to set well with my parents. "
megan laughed.
" well, they're just going to have to accept it. "
" we could just run off and get married in a cave in hawaii, " he suggested.
" that idea has potential, but i think as my parents'only daughter, they would kill me if they didn't get to plan something. "
his expression grew serious.
" i don't want us to have to wait much longer. "
" i agree.
i want to get married in the next couple of months. "
he smiled.
" good.
i'm glad to hear that. "
as megan glanced over to see her grandfather dancing with his lady friend, an idea popped into her head.
" what if we got married in papa's rose garden? "
" it sounds like a beautiful place, but is there enough room? "
" only our closest friends and family, remember? "
she insisted.
" it could work. "
" so you like the idea? "
" i do. "
with a wink, he said, " it makes sense considering you proposed to me at patrick's house. "
megan grinned.
" that's right.
it does. "
" think we can put it all together in two months? "
" i don't see why not. "
he brought his warm lips to hers, and megan shivered in spite of the heat on the dance floor.
" i can't wait to make you my wife, " he murmured against her lips.
" i'm ready to make an honest man out of you, too. "
pesh threw his head back and chuckled.
" only you would say something like that. "
" hey, the truth is the truth. "
the song ended, and pesh escorted her back to their table.
after they finished with the blessings from pesh's family, dinner was served.
megan couldn't believe all the food that was paraded by her.
she lost count on how many plates of delicious indian food she sampled.
by the time the desserts came out, she was thoroughly stuffed and couldn't eat any.
" let's go mingle, " she suggested when pesh also turned down any dessert.
" sounds good to me, " he said, before getting out of his chair.
they made their way through the maze of tables, talking to family and friends.
megan was introduced to so many of pesh's relatives that she was sure she would never be able to remember them all.
when they finally got to the fitzgerald tables filled with her parents and aunts and uncles, she was thrilled when pesh took a seat across from aidan and emma.
after they had been talking for a while, emma turned aidan.
" do you think noah's okay? "
aidan smiled.
" i'm sure he's fine, babe.
the sitter looked very qualified. "
although emma nodded her head, megan could tell that she wasn't convinced.
both mason and noah were upstairs in the hotel with babysitters outside of their family for the first time in their young lives.
megan shared a bit of emma's apprehension, but when she had dropped mason off in the suite, he seemed to get along with the woman they had hired.
" i might just go peek in on him.
you know, make sure she got him to sleep, " emma said, rising out of her chair.
aidan shook his head and stood up.
" you need to be off your feet.
you said yourself you weren't feeling too well before we left. "
emma shot him a murderous look.
" thanks for saying that in front of pesh and megan. "
aidan gave them a sheepish grin.
" sorry guys.
i hope it doesn't ruin your fabulous party knowing that emma, at nine months pregnant and some change, wasn't feeling wonderful. "
megan laughed while pesh shook his head.
" emma, if you want to go on upstairs and lie down, we won't be hurt.
i remember how awful it feels being overdue, " megan said.
" no, i'm fine.
i want to stay, " emma replied.
when aidan motioned for her to have a seat, she shook her head.
" i need to go to the restroom. "
" you want me to go check on noah? "
emma sighed.
" i'm sure he's fine or the sitter would have texted me.
i'm just being overprotective. "
aidan gave her a quick kiss.
" love you, sweetheart. "
she smiled at him.
" i love you, too. "
after she headed through the crowd to the bathroom, aidan began telling pesh some wild story from work that had pesh doubled over with laughter.
when emma returned, she didn't sit back down.
instead, she swayed back and forth on her feet next to her chair.
" aidan, " she said in a strained voice.
megan couldn't help noticing how emma had paled considerably since her trip to the bathroom just a few minutes before.
he held up his finger.
" one second, babe.
i got ta finish telling pesh this story. "
" but my water broke. "
without taking his eyes off pesh, aidan slid his glass of water over to her.
" here take mine. "
if the situation hadn't been dire, megan would have laughed at how oblivious aidan was.
pesh leaned forward in his seat.
" um, aidan, i think- " he didn't get a chance to finish.
instead, water splashed against the side of aidan's face.
he shot out of his chair before whirling around to emma.
" what the hell, em? "
" my.
water.
broke, " she muttered through gritted teeth.
" oh shit, " he replied.
after tossing his napkin back on the table, he held up a hand.
" okay, it's fine.
no need to panic.
we're not that far from the hospital- " " like twenty minutes, " emma argued.
aidan's hands came to her shoulders.
" it 'll be fine, babe.
i promise. "
emma huffed out a few frustrated breaths as she weighed his words.
then her grim expression softened.
" okay. "
aidan grinned as he turned back to pesh and megan.
" i hate to cut and run, but it looks like baby caroline is a big attention whore who wants all the glory tonight. "
megan rose out of her chair.
" don't you worry about it one bit.
since she's a week overdue, i'm going to let her have this one without accusing her of trying to steal the limelight. "
" can we do anything? "
pesh asked.
while aidan shook his head, emma said, " just make sure noah is okay. "
angie rose out of her chair.
" i 'll go check on him right now. "
emma smiled.
" thanks. "
aidan dug around in his pocket.
when he produced a set of keys, he tossed them at pesh.
" since i came after work, em and i are in separate cars.
whoever has noah overnight will need our suv to get him to the hospital tomorrow. "
pesh nodded as megan said, " good thinking.
i'm not sure if mom is taking him or becky. "
at emma's somewhat apprehensive look that there wasn't a strict plan in place for noah, megan said, " it 'll be fine.
i promise. "
" okay, " she said, a little reluctantly.
sliding his arm around emma's waist, aidan said, " come on, sweetheart.
we need to go. "
at the feel of pesh's hand on her back, megan glanced up at him.
" exciting night for them, eh? "
" yes, it is. "
" how about letting me take you for another spin on the dance floor? "
" i 'd love that. "
as an indian love song flowed out from the speakers, megan wrapped her arms around pesh's neck.
this time he didn't bother dancing more formally like he had in savannah.
instead, he wrapped his arms around her waist and drew her flush against him.
closing her eyes, she rested her head on his broad chest, loving the gentle beat of his heart beneath his shirt.
when the song finished, they didn't move.
they just waited for the next one.
thankfully, it was another slow one.
halfway through, she felt a tug on the bottom of her drape.
glancing down, she saw georgie peering up at her.
" what are you doing, sweetie? "
she asked.
he glanced left and right before he spoke.
" mommy told me not to tell anybody, but she needs you to come up to her hotel room. "
" okay.
what for? "
" noah's going crazy wanting aunt emma, and she thinks you're the only one that might be able to get him to calm down. "
" ah, i see. "
when she turned back to pesh, he smiled.
" you don't even need to apologize.
go see if you can help. "
she leaned up and gave him a smacking kiss on the lips.
" thank you for being so amazing each and every moment of the day. "
his thumb brushed against her cheek.
" you're welcome, my love. "
" be back as soon as i can. "
" i'm going to hold you to that. "
taking georgie's hand, she made her way off the dance floor and out of the ballroom.
after getting on one of the elevators, they rode to the sixth floor.
she let georgie lead the way.
he stopped halfway down the hall and knocked on the door.
by then, she didn't have to guess which room noah was in.
she could hear his screams all the way outside.
when becky flung open the door, she waved megan through with her hand.
" the others didn't want me to interrupt you, but we've been trying the last hour to get him to calm down, and he's just not having it. "
megan found the scene in hotel room somewhat comical.
her mother, along with her aunts julia and liz, stood in a circle around one of the beds.
outfitted in a fuzzy, blue footed sleeper, noah sat in the middle of the mattress, his cheeks streaked and soaked with tears and his face red from crying.
" what is the matter? "
megan asked.
everyone whirled around to look at her.
" nothing.
everything's fine.
go back to your party, " angie said, over noah's wails.
" um, i think it's safe to say that it isn't fine.
or at least, he's not fine. "
liz fanned her face with her hand.
" it's like the moment emma left the hotel, he freaked out.
he woke up out of a dead sleep screaming for his mama.
the poor baby-sitter hung in as long as she could before she finally called us. "
megan cocked her head at noah.
" poor thing. "
she bypassed her aunts to hold out her arms.
considering he 'd spent so much time with her, noah happily reached for her, and megan pulled him into her embrace.
" hey buddy, you've got to stop crying. "
he was snubbing so hard his breath came in big hiccups as his chest heaved.
" mama.
want mama, " he pleaded pitifully.
megan hugged him tight to her chest.
" i know, sweetie.
but she's at the hospital having your baby sister. "
her answer didn't satisfy him since he drew in a deep breath to start screaming again.
she smiled at him.
" you wan na go downstairs to the party? "
he appeared thoughtful.
" pesh is downstairs.
you wan na see him? "
" esh? "
megan laughed.
" yes, he's down there. "
" see esh, " he said, kicking his feet as if to tell her to start walking.
" here.
i 'll take him, " her mother suggested, reaching for noah.
he shrieked before wrapping his arms tighter around megan's neck.
" i think it's safe to say he's staying with me. "
" but it's your engagement party, " julia protested.
" yes, and i've been enjoying it the last four hours.
i don't think watching him is going to take away anything for me. "
as she started out the doorway, she asked, " is mason okay? "
her mother nodded.
" thank goodness he's down the hall, or we 'd have two toddlers running around at eleven o'clock. "
megan giggled as she walked down the hall.
her necklace and the beaded sari seemed to be holding noah's interest.
" pretty, huh? "
she asked, as they got on the elevator.
" ooh, pwetty, " he mimicked.
when she got back downstairs, pesh was seated at their table, talking to some of their colleagues.
the moment noah saw him, he reached out for pesh.
" well hello, little one.
were you really crying because you wanted to come to our party? "
noah grinned at pesh behind his pacifier, which caused pesh to smile.
" he looks so much like aidan when he does that, doesn't he? "
" yes, he does.
i'm sure he's going to use that cute little grin to his advantage when he gets older, just like his daddy did. "
she eased into the chair beside them.
after spitting out his pacifier, noah asked, " daddy? "
" uh, oh, i shouldn't have said that, " megan muttered under her breath.
" my daddy? "
" he's at the hospital with mommy.
we 'll take you there in the morning, " she replied.
that statement caused noah's lip to tremble.
before he could start crying, pesh rose out of his chair.
" let's go look at all the pretty party decorations. "
megan smiled as she watched pesh take noah around the room.
her heart warmed at his thoughtfulness.
she couldn't believe there was ever a time when she fought her feelings for him.
there wasn't a better man in the whole world, and the fact that he loved her was a true miracle.
by the time pesh returned, noah had fallen asleep.
he carefully sat back down beside her.
" here, " she suggested, taking off her glittering drape.
she wrapped the fabric over noah like a blanket.
" did i mention how much i loved you in a sari? "
pesh questioned, with a wicked gleam in his eyes.
she glanced down to see the top had her boobs bulging out the front as well as the fact her stomach was now bared.
" i 'll have to wear one more often for you. "
" i would love that. "
when her phone beeped, she reached across the table and grabbed it.
" oh my god! "
" what? "
pesh asked.
" that was aidan.
the baby is already here. "
" considering it's a second baby, it isn't too surprising. "
" i need to tell my mom and aunts. "
he nodded.
" go ahead.
we're fine. "
megan smiled at noah sleeping soundly against pesh's chest.
" be right back. "
she made her way over to her family's table.
" that was aidan.
caroline was just born. "
a whoop went up around the table.
" is emma okay? "
becky asked.
megan nodded.
" he said mother and baby are doing great. "
julia shook her head and smiled.
" aidan with a daughter-now that's going to be something to see. "
they all laughed.
" that's so true, " megan said.
becky glanced at the group.
" why don't we go see them?
i mean, the hospital isn't too far from here. "
angie nodded.
" sounds good to me.
i 'd personally like to see aidan in action with his baby girl. "
with a snort, megan added, " i would have liked to have been in the delivery room when she was first born.
his expression then would have been priceless. "
" i bet he cried, " liz said.
" oh yeah, he bawled for sure, " angie replied, with a grin.
as her aunts started gathering up their purses and telling their husbands where they were going, megan said, " i want to go too. "
before they could argue, she held up her hand.
" it's late.
the party is pretty much over, and there's two more next week at some of pesh's relatives'houses.
besides, i want to see the newest fitzgerald baby girl. "
her mother frowned.
" are you sure? "
" i'm positive. "
" all right.
go tell pesh, and we 'll meet you out front. "
she smiled as she went back to their table.
" my mom and aunts are going to the hospital to see aidan and emma. "
" you want to go? "
her heart warmed at the fact that he already knew what she was feeling.
" do you mind? "
he shook his head.
" of course not.
can i go too or is this just a hen party thing for the women? "
she laughed.
" yes, you can come. "
pesh glanced down at noah.
" he's going to want to see his mother. "
" oh yes.
i don't think we could go without him. "
as pesh rose out of the chair, noah stirred but didn't wake up.
" get aidan and emma's keys out of my pocket. "
she nodded and reached into his pants.
when she accidentally touched his penis through the fabric, he jumped.
" sorry about that, " she replied, as she pulled out the keys.
" no problem, " he muttered through gritted teeth.
they said a quick goodnight to pesh's parents and other relatives who remained.
then they headed out to the lobby.
after giving the valet aidan's keys, they waited for the suv to be brought around.
when she caught her reflection in the glass doors of the hotel, she gasped.
" what's wrong? "
pesh inquired.
" the jewelry!
i can't go loaded down with this expensive stuff to the hospital! "
she cried.
she snatched off the earrings and then started working on the necklace.
" i 'll run go give it to your mother. "
" if you insist, " pesh replied.
she kicked off her heels so she could run easier.
the necklace and earrings weighed down her hands.
she grabbed the first member of pesh's immediate family she saw, which unfortunately happened to be dev.
" can you get these to your mother?
i've got to get to the hospital. "
his dark eyes widened as he took the jewelry from her.
" are you okay? "
" i'm fine.
a cousin's baby was just born.
don't let anything happen to that, okay? "
dev chuckled.
" yeah, i 'll be unloading this pronto.
the last thing i need is for my ass to be the one to lose the family jewels. "
with a wink, he added, " they 'd be taking my family jewels. "
megan laughed and then gave him a wave before running off.
when she got back outside, aidan and emma's suv had just pulled around.
noah began to squirm in pesh's arms.
" guess where we're going? "
pesh said, before he could start crying.
" mama? "
pesh smiled.
" yes, we're taking you to your mama and daddy and new baby sister. "
noah's face lit up at the prospect, and he happily let them buckle him into his car seat.
following her mother's car, they made the drive in almost a caravan of relatives.
when they got to the hospital, pesh pulled up to let her out.
" i 'll go park and bring him in. "
" okay.
i 'll see you guys up there. "
when she got up to the maternity floor, there was a quite a group waiting for her, including emma's best friend, connor.
" did casey not feel like coming tonight? "
megan asked, as she hugged him.
casey was just a few weeks shy of her own due date with a little girl.
he chuckled.
" oh, she's here all right.
she's just in labor herself.
it seems like caroline and olivia are going to be true best friends by being born almost the same day. "
megan grinned.
" that's wonderful news. "
connor wrinkled his nose.
" i think casey will be appreciating it a little more when her epidural kicks in.
she wasn't too happy the last time i went back to see her. "
" oh yes, i remember that feeling well. "
megan's phone dinged, and she quickly read the text.
" aidan says we can come back now, " she said to her aunts.
the group made their way through the double doors and down the hall.
when they reached emma's room, angie knocked on the door.
within a few seconds, aidan appeared.
" hey guys, " he said, with a beaming smile.
" the nurse is actually checking on em, but give me a second. "
he disappeared back behind the door only to reappear within a few moments.
this time he held a tiny bundle wrapped in a pink blanket.
" here she is.
miss caroline elizabeth fitzgerald. "
collective oohs and aahs went up over the group as aidan held caroline out for them to see.
she didn't seem too interested or impressed by them.
she yawned and closed her eyes.
" she's absolutely beautiful, " megan said.
" she's something all right, " aidan murmured.
" there it is!
i see a tear, " becky teased.
aidan rolled his eyes at his sister.
" let me guess.
you had some kind of bet going about whether i cried or not? "
liz patted his back.
" something like that. "
pesh appeared then.
the moment noah saw his father he kicked to get down.
once he got his feet on the floor, he ran to aidan, wrapping his arms around aidan's leg.
" hey buddy.
you want to meet your sister? "
squatting down, aidan held caroline to where noah could get a good look at her.
" mama's tummy baby? "
he questioned.
aidan laughed.
" yeah, this is your baby sister, caroline. "
noah eyed his sister with a slight frown, as if he was trying to figure her out.
megan could only imagine what was going on in his head at the moment.
he 'd spent the last sixteen months being the center of his parents'world, and now there was someone else to share the attention.
when caroline scrunched up her face and whimpered, noah patted her arm.
" no cwy, baby. "
" aw, he's going to be a good big brother, " angie remarked.
aidan chuckled.
" yeah, he 'll be fine until caroline needs emma.
then he's going to be ready to sell her to the gypsies. "
a nurse exited emma's room.
" you can go in now. "
as she gazed around the crowd, she shook her head.
" well, some of you can go in. "
rising up off the floor, aidan took noah's hand.
" come on, buddy.
mama wants to see you. "
noah didn't bother waiting on aidan.
he barreled through the door.
" mama!
mama! "
he cried.
megan smiled as she watched him climb up on emma's bed.
" there's my baby boy! "
emma cried hoarsely, smothering both his cheeks in kisses.
he snuggled up to emma's side.
" come on, meggie.
you and pesh come in first, " aidan suggested.
megan didn't argue with him.
instead, she took pesh's hand and followed aidan inside.
emma glanced up and shook her head.
" i'm so sorry for ruining your engagement party. "
" you didn't ruin our night, " pesh reassured her.
" that's right.
we kept right on partying-it didn't bother us at all, " megan teased.
emma laughed.
" i'm glad to hear that. "
megan smiled and jerked her chin over at aidan, who sat in the rocker with caroline.
" congratulations on a beautiful baby girl. "
" thank you, " emma replied, as a beaming smile lit up her face.
" are you feeling okay? "
pesh asked.
emma nodded.
" it was a little easier this time and a lot quicker. "
she turned to aidan.
" and this time i didn't have to worry that aidan might not make it. "
aidan chuckled.
" no, you just kept screaming at me to drive faster because you were not going to deliver caroline on the side of the interstate. "
emma's cheeks flushed.
" i guess i was a little panicked. "
pesh took megan's hand and squeezed it.
" we better go and let the others have a turn, " he said.
" do you want us to take noah back with us? "
considering he was plastered to his mother's side, megan wasn't really looking forward to trying to take him.
emma gazed down at her son with love burning in her eyes.
" no, i think he can stay here with us a little longer.
i might get connor to take him home.
i know he 'll be here until casey delivers. "
" are you sure you won't need your rest? "
megan asked.
" oh, i 'll pawn him off to aidan and make sure i get plenty of sleep until miss caroline needs me, " emma replied, with a sly smile.
aidan didn't argue with her.
he looked perfectly content to lose sleep if it meant being surrounded by his wife and children.
after exchanging a few hugs and kisses, she and pesh headed out into the hallway and let the next group in.
as they walked down the hall hand in hand, pesh turned to her and smiled.
" you know, i never thought i would see the day i would be envious of aidan again. "
" what do you mean? "
he heaved a sigh.
" seeing him with his children makes me envious.
one day i hope that's you with my child in your arms. "
" oh, " she murmured.
whether or not they would have children together had never really been discussed.
it was almost a given that they would, so it didn't seem necessary to iron out when and how many.
she wanted nothing more than to give pesh a baby of his own.
he was truly the father mason had never had.
" give me a year, " she said softly.
his brows furrowed in confusion.
" what? "
" i 'd like one year for us to be together as a married couple before we try to have children. "
" that only makes me an even older father, " he protested.
" you 'll be fine.
you're awfully spry for your old age. "
he laughed.
" i just don't want to be on a walker at his or her high school graduation. "
she smacked his arm playfully.
" one year is not going to make that much a difference. "
" fine.
you win.
we 'll wait one year. "
as the elevator doors dinged open, they stepped inside.
gazing down at her, pesh said, " i couldn't have picked a more amazing mother for my future children. "
" yeah, i got ta agree that you did good, nadeen.
real good, " she teased.
he cupped her face in his hands and gave her a lingering kiss that silenced anymore of her comebacks.
when he pulled away, she smiled at him.
" keep kissing me like that, and i might decide to wait even longer for a baby.
you 'll make me want you, your lips, and your dick all to myself for as long as possible. "
" and here i thought my kisses might get you in the mood for baby-making, " pesh mused.
megan laughed.
" either way, it's a win-win situation.
so bring it on, nadeen.
bring.
it.
on. "
chapter twenty-two although her stomach screamed in protest to drop her fork, megan couldn't resist popping in the last bite of delicious crepe into her mouth.
as she chewed, she closed her eyes at the delicious combination of chocolate and strawberries danced along her taste buds.
" good? "
a voice asked from across the table.
her eyelids popped open to take in pesh, her new husband of three days.
he wore an amused smile as he held his cappuccino cup in midair.
" orgasmically good, " she replied.
he chuckled.
" i'm glad you're enjoying them. "
" i'm going to gain ten pounds while we're here, " she replied.
as she dabbed her mouth with her napkin, she sighed with absolute contentment.
gazing around the tiny parisian cafe, she fought the urge to pinch herself.
was she actually in paris on her honeymoon?
when pesh had asked her where she wanted to go, there was only one place.
although it was somewhat cliched for a honeymoon destination, she had always wanted to see the city.
and because she was marrying a man who loved to spoil her, pesh had booked them for a week's stay at the hotel plaza athenee.
not only had he chosen the hotel for its gorgeous views of the eiffel tower, but it was also where carrie bradshaw stayed when she was in paris.
it seems pesh completely understood megan's love for sex and the city.
their first day in the city had been spent in their hotel room.
a combination of jetlag and lust had kept them na**d and in bed, stopping only for room service and showers.
today they had pried themselves away from the room to go sightseeing.
" are you ready to go back to the hotel? "
pesh asked.
" maybe. "
with a teasing grin, she asked, " are you tired and want to rest? "
desire pooled in pesh's dark eyes.
" no, i don't want to rest.
i want you to model what you bought this afternoon. "
her gaze left his to go down to the pink and black bag at her feet.
part of their sightseeing had turned into shopping, in which she bought some very racy lingerie.
although she was enjoying her day out in the city, she was also itching to put on the outfit and get back in bed with pesh.
" then let's go, " she said.
pesh certainly didn't need any more convincing.
digging in his pocket, he took out his wallet and threw a wad of euros on the table.
then he popped out of seat like a jack-in-the-box.
she had to snatch up her purse and bag to keep up with him before he sprinted out the door and into the sunshine.
as she passed the colorful flowers in bloom outside the cafe, they transported her back to her wedding.
it had been a perfect, cloudless day when she stood with pesh in the rose garden at her papa's house.
to her, he had never looked more handsome than in his black tux that fit his built frame like a second skin.
since she was the master of party planning, megan had enlisted emma's help in getting the quickie wedding done.
even with newborn caroline to tend to, emma had gone above and beyond any expectations megan had.
tears had stung her eyes when she first caught sight of the garden as she, on her father's arm, made her way from the house to the ceremony.
white chairs draped with blue silk bunting lined the garden in rows while a tent had been erected to the side of the makeshift altar.
next to the chairs, votive candles lit the way up the aisle that was adorned in multicolored rose petals.
emma, casey, and two of her best friends from childhood stood at the altar in their cornflower blue bridesmaid dresses.
pesh, along with his brothers and aidan, wore blue vests with their tuxes.
a string quartet struck up the bridal march to herald her arrival.
she would never, ever forget the feeling of walking up the aisle to pesh.
his loving gaze took her in, and she felt like the princess she had always wanted to be on her wedding day.
her dress was almost like what a disney princess might wear-a long train, a full ball gown, a bodice encrusted with pearls and sequins, and then a glittering tiara holding her veil in place.
the entire world seemed to evaporate when pesh took her hand in his.
he was her only focus.
she barely heard the words the priest spoke or the lyrics of the song that emma sang.
she just stared at her soon-to-be husband-the man who made her believe in romance and true love.
she was so lost in thoughts of her wedding day that she accidentally mowed into a woman.
" excuse me, " she apologized.
the woman scowled at her while cursing at megan in french.
well, megan imagined it was cursing since she didn't speak french.
" where is that head of yours? "
pesh asked, with a smile.
" thinking of our wedding day, " she replied.
his smile grew broader at her response, and in the middle of a crowded street, he stopped to kiss her.
while it was somewhat chaste and full of more love than lust, it did hold a promise of what was to come later on.
he ended it far sooner than she would like.
" let's hurry, " he replied.
she giggled before breaking into a slight run towards the hotel.
he followed her example.
by the time they pushed through the revolving doors into the lobby, they were both breathless.
like two mischievous kids, they raced to the elevators.
once inside, they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed passionately until the door dinged open.
they pulled apart long enough to get down the hall and into their suite.
when the door closed behind them, pesh pulled her to him, bestowing a lingering kiss on her lips.
as he ravaged her mouth, his tongue darted inside to tease along hers.
when she felt his evident desire poking into her stomach, she broke the kiss.
at his groan, she shook her head.
" not yet.
i have to get dressed. "
" next time, " he muttered.
pushing out of his arms, she grinned up at him.
" i 'll be back in just a second.
you get ready. "
" oh, i 'll be ready.
that's a promise. "
she laughed and then practically skipped into the bathroom.
once she closed and locked the door, she sat the bag down and dug inside.
after she decided what to wear, she laid them out on the counter, and then started taking off her clothes.
when she was naked, she reached for the lingerie.
the tight bodice was solid black with pink ribbons that wove through making intricate designs.
it pushed her br**sts up and over the cups, making her appear to have far more cle**age than she was blessed with.
the black and pink panties were lace and practically see through.
on her legs, she slid black silk stockings that had pink bows at the tops of her thighs.
as she fluffed out her hair, she couldn't help gazing in the mirror.
she looked quite the sexpot, which she hoped pleased pesh.
well, she knew it would please pesh.
the man was ravenous for her, something for which she was very thankful.
not quite the polite gentleman she had expected when she first met him, that was for sure.
megan opened the bathroom door.
across the room, pesh stood gazing out the window, stripped down to his boxer shorts.
when she cleared her throat, he jerked his head to stare at her.
slowly, she walked out of the bathroom.
her eyes stayed on him.
a shiver rippled through her as he tracked her every move.
when she finally stood before him, it took less than a second for him to pounce on her.
his hands grabbed her by the waist, jerking her flush against him.
his mouth bore down on hers in a frantic kiss as he ground his c**k between her legs.
breathless, she pulled away to gaze up at him.
" does this mean you like the lingerie? "
" oh hell yes, i do.
i think we're going to have to go back and get you some more. "
she laughed.
" more shopping?
you won't hear me say no to that. "
bending over, pesh brought his arm under her knees and then lifted her up.
she felt so light in his arms as he walked her over to the bed and gently deposited her on the mattress.
as he loomed over her, her heartbeat sped up in anticipation the sensual delicacies she was about to experience.
tugging on the straps of the bodice, he bared her br**sts.
his mouth hovered over her nipple, breathing warm air onto the cool tip.
it puckered under his attention before his tongue darted out and flicked it.
" mmm, " she murmured, her fingers tightening in his hair.
making slow circles around her nipple, pesh continued his teasing assault.
arching her back, she gripped the strands of his hair tighter, willing him to take her nipple in his whole mouth.
finally, he obliged her, sucking the hardened peak into his mouth.
while he gave oral attention to one breast, his hand palmed and stroked the other.
as the heat and moisture built in her core, megan began sawing her legs back and forth.
the friction eased her a little, but she wanted pesh's fingers, tongue, and dick there more than anything.
over the fabric of her bodice, he kissed down her stomach.
just as he reached the juncture between her legs, he bypassed it and began kissing and licking the exposed skin on her upper thighs.
she groaned in protest.
he gazed up at her with a teasing smile.
" did you want me to kiss you somewhere else? "
raising her hips, she replied, " you know where i want you-where i want all of you. "
" patience, my love. "
" oh really? "
she muttered.
with one quick movement, she was out from underneath him in a flash.
surprise filled his face as she flipped him over onto his back and straddled him once again.
raking her fingernails down his chest, she stopped just at the waistband of his boxers.
as his breath hitched, her hands went to his thighs, scraping a trail up the exposed skin to his dick.
his h*ps bucked up, causing her to smile.
" oh, did you want me to touch you somewhere else? "
with a growl, he gripped her by the ass and forced her onto her knees.
he slid down the mattress to where her core was right at his mouth.
his tongue flicked out, sliding along the thin scrap of her panties.
she gasped as he flattened his tongue and rubbed it over her clit.
even through the fabric, it lit her on fire.
as he added more pressure, she began to rock her h*ps against his face.
closing her eyes, she concentrated on the feel of tongue.
when he pulled away, she whimpered.
his lips came to kiss along her thighs again.
just as pesh's teeth dug into one of the bows on her stockings, megan's ringtone for mason blared out over her frustrated breaths.
pesh protested the interruption with a grunt, but immediately let the stocking fall from his mouth.
" i'm sorry.
it's his bedtime call.
i have to take it, " megan said, as she sat up in the bed.
" it's all right, my love.
i'm the one with patience, not you, " he replied, with a smile.
she rolled her eyes at him as she grabbed the phone off the nightstand and answered it.
" hey baby, " she said, trying to catch her breath.
" hi mommy.
miss you. "
her heart warmed hearing his tiny voice while an ache filled her chest.
" oh, i miss you too, sweet boy.
are you being good for grammy? "
" uh-huh.
pway with noah today. "
" did you?
did you have fun? "
" uh-huh.
but caowine cwies. "
megan laughed at his summation of the latest fitzgerald family member.
" i bet she does.
she's a little baby, and they do like to cry.
you cried a lot when you were that age. "
" where daddy? "
glancing at pesh, megan smiled.
" he's right here.
you want to talk to him? "
" uh-huh. "
megan handed the phone to pesh.
his face lit up as he said, " hey buddy, how are you? "
as mason rattled along to pesh, megan couldn't help thinking of how happy mason had been on her wedding day.
he had played his part as ring bearer wonderfully.
everyone commented on how handsome he was in small tux and how much he looked like her.
he was so excited to have a daddy and to be part of a real family.
he didn't even seem to mind that they were moving away from his grandparents into pesh's house.
of course, pesh had sweetened the moving angst by having a black lab puppy, just like beau, waiting for mason in his new room.
he had squealed so loud that megan thought her ear drums were going to burst.
" oh, so beau two pee-peed on grammy's rug, huh? "
pesh asked, throwing megan an " oh shit " look.
while they were away, angie was in charge of both mason and the puppy, who mason had aptly named beau two after his first love, beau.
megan could imagine her mother was fit to be tied with her rugs being christened by puppy piss.
" okay, you better go to bed now.
mommy and i miss you very, very much.
we're bringing you lots of presents home. "
at mason's reply, tears shimmered in pesh's eyes.
" i love you, too, buddy, " he replied, in a choked voice.
" say goodnight to mommy, " he replied, thrusting the phone at megan.
a sheepish expression came over pesh's face as he ground the moisture from his eyes with his fists.
megan took the phone.
" night, night, mommy! "
mason called.
" night, night, baby.
you have sweet dreams, and i 'll talk to you tomorrow. "
" okay.
wuv you! "
she smiled.
" i love you, too. "
after megan hung up, she still cradled the phone to her ear as if by doing that, she was able to have mason a little closer.
pesh's hand came to rest on hers.
" he's something, isn't he? "
he asked.
" yes, he is, " she murmured.
" i know it makes me a complete pansy, but every time he tells me he loves, i can't help but cry. "
putting her phone back on the nightstand, megan eased herself over onto pesh's lap.
" don't you ever worry that i think you're a pansy because of what you feel for mason.
it makes me love you even more. "
brushing her hand across his cheek, she added, " a man who isn't afraid of showing his emotions or his vulnerability is very sexy. "
" you think so? "
" mmm, i do. "
he smiled.
" i'm glad to hear you say that. "
" where were we? "
glancing down at his crotch, pesh said, " i think we're starting over from my perspective. "
megan's hand went to cup his now deflated erection.
she rubbed him over the boxers before dipping her hand inside to grip him.
pesh hissed in a breath.
his head fell back against the headboard as she started stroking his growing length.
sliding down his body, she brought her hand to his lap and took him into her mouth.
her tongue teasingly flicked across the tip.
pesh's hand came to tangle in her hair.
she did leisurely strokes up and down his length before bringing him into her mouth.
as she began bobbing up and down, pesh's groans echoed through the room.
as she cut her gaze up to him, he glanced down at her with hooded eyes.
" so good, baby.
so, so good, " he murmured.
when he started tensing up, she let him fall free of her mouth.
" i want you to come inside me, " she said, as she climbed up his body.
rising up on her knees, she brought pesh's hands to the elastic band of her underwear.
he tore them off her h*ps and down her thighs.
somehow she managed to get them off and toss them to the floor beside the bed.
leaving on the bustier, she guided his erection to her core.
slowly, she eased down on him, inch by inch.
when he was balls deep inside her, she sat back on his thighs.
raising her knees, she placed both her feet flat on the mattress.
from this position, she was giving pesh quite the view as she rose on and off of him.
as the pressure began building inside her, the more frantic her movements became.
harder and harder she bounced, the sound of skin slapping along with grunts and panting echoing through the room.
when pesh's fingers came to tease her clit, she came undone, crying out and collapsing onto his chest.
he continued raising his h*ps to pump into her until he came a few moments later.
brushing the hair out of her face, pesh stared up at megan with a satisfied expression.
she brought her lips to his for a gentle kiss.
" i love you, mr.
nadeen. "
" do you? "
she bobbed her head.
" i love you and your talented fingers and dick, all of who give me wonderful orgasms. "
he barked out a laugh.
" i've married such a naughty girl, haven't i? "
" yes, you have. "
" i wouldn't have you any other way, my love. "
megan smiled as he slid free of her body.
easing her onto her side, pesh spooned up behind her, nuzzling his face in her neck.
" rest now, " he said, drowsily.
" yes, you need your rest.
i'm going to want more of you in a little while. "
his chuckle made her tingle with love and lust.
with the feel of his arm wrapped around her, megan let her drooping eyes close and drifted off to a contented sleep.
chapter twenty-three as they sat outside the courtroom waiting to be called in, megan adjusted mason's blue and white striped tie for the hundredth time.
" mommy, no, " he pleaded.
she snatched her hands away.
" i'm sorry, sweetheart.
i 'll leave you alone. "
" tank you, " he replied, going back to his game on his tablet.
the truth was her nervous hands needed to be doing something.
sensing her need, pesh reached over and took her hands in his.
" relax.
everything is going to be fine. "
megan wanted to believe him, but she couldn't help feeling anxious.
she wouldn't be able to calm down until the ink had dried on the paperwork.
her feet, encased in black heels, tapped anxiously on the floor.
the clattering noise echoed around the atrium.
as she glanced between pesh and mason, megan had to smile.
the two men in her life looked almost identical today in their navy suits and ties.
of course mason's was considerably smaller than pesh's.
when the door opened and a clerk poked her head out the door, megan's heartbeat started thrumming faster and faster.
" megan nadeen? "
she shot off the bench.
" that's us.
i mean, i'm megan nadeen. "
the clerk smiled.
" you guys can come in now. "
taking a deep breath, megan reached for mason's hand.
" this is it, baby. "
he grinned and then glanced up at pesh.
" you be my daddy now? "
pesh smiled.
" yes, i'm going to be your daddy for real now. "
they walked through the massive doors of the courtroom.
the judge, in his ominous black robe, gazed down at them from his bench.
" good morning, " he said, politely.
" g-good morning, " megan stammered.
" i understand that we're here today to petition for the adoption of the minor child, mason patrick mckenzie? "
" yes, " megan and pesh replied.
" first, we need to swear you all in, " the judge said.
megan went through the motions of the procedure, trying desperately to calm her nerves.
when pesh had first broached the subject of formally adopting mason, she initially had been thrilled and honored.
but then she had to worry about whether davis would allow pesh to adopt mason or not.
although he still had nothing to do with his son, davis hadn't shown a lot of enthusiasm about the prospect.
the closer they got to the adoption hearing, the more megan worried that he would refuse.
" dr. nadeen, i understand that you wish to adopt the minor child of your wife? "
pesh nodded enthusiastically.
" yes, your honor, i would. "
" i see that you and your wife have been married less than two months, and that you've only known her a year. "
the judge adjusted his glasses that had slid down his pointy nose.
" do you think it wise to legally bind yourself to this child after such a short time? "
megan fought the urge to stalk up to the bench and smack the judge.
instead, she took deep breaths and tried to reign in her temper.
she glanced over at pesh who merely smiled pleasantly at the judge.
" your honor, i realize that on paper it might seem as though i am rushing into things.
however, i've never been more certain of anything in my life as i am about my love for megan and in turn, my love for mason.
i've waited a long time to be a father, and i don't want to have to waste another second. "
" i see. "
the judge eyed the folder open before him.
" i understand the biological father has had no contact with the child. "
" that's correct, " megan replied.
" he has also waved his parental rights so that dr. nadeen can adopt his son. "
megan exhaled a relieved breath that davis had signed the paperwork.
" i'm glad to hear that, your honor, " she said.
" do you feel that your husband will make a good father for your son? "
" i never would have dated, least of all married him, if i didn't believe that pesh would be a good and loving father to mason. "
" so the fact that he is a wealthy doctor had nothing to do with it? "
" how dare you! "
megan cried.
when pesh grabbed her arm to silence her, she slung him away.
" you've known us for two minutes and you're making assumptions about me, my husband, and my marriage?
if this were about money, i could have used his father for child support considering he is a wealthy nfl player.
but i would have sacrificed everything to ensure that my son had a good father! "
" mrs. nadeen, i will ask that you control yourself, or i will have to hold you in contempt, " the judge said sternly.
pesh wrapped his arm around her waist, drawing her against him.
" easy, " he murmured.
although she hated to do it, she said, " i'm sorry, your honor. "
when he smiled at her, she gasped in surprise.
" and i am sorry for rattling you, mrs. nadeen.
i often say or do unorthodox things to see the true nature of the people who come before me. "
" you mean, you said that to get a reaction from me? "
" yes, i did.
and you unwaveringly rose to my challenge.
i can see that you are truly concerned with the wellbeing of your son. "
still reeling from the judge's behavior, megan mumbled, " thank you. "
peering down over the bench, the judge surmised mason.
" son, do you know why you're here today? "
" i gettin''dopted, " mason replied.
the judge smiled.
" yes, you are.
do you want pesh to be your daddy? "
" uh, huh. "
" do you want anyone else to be your daddy? "
" no, " mason replied quickly, shaking his head back and forth.
" then come up here while i sign the paperwork. "
mason happily ran around the side of the bench to the judge.
he climbed up onto the judge's lap.
after signing several sets of papers, the judge handed mason his gavel.
" once you bang that gavel, pesh is officially your daddy, and you are mason nadeen. "
with a broad grin, mason brought the gavel down.
tears stung megan's eyes, and she gladly let pesh pull her into his arms.
" thank you, thank you, thank you, " she murmured.
" i love you, " he replied, squeezing her tight.
" i love you, too. "
their attention was drawn to where mason kept banging the gavel.
the judge chuckled.
" okay, i think that is enough.
why don't you go to your mommy and daddy now? "
" tell the judge thank you, " megan instructed.
" tank you, " mason replied, before he hopped off the judge's lap and came running to them.
" i 'dopted!
i 'dopted! "
pesh bent down to pick him up.
" that's right, buddy.
you're my son for now and always. "
megan smiled and patted mason's back as they started out of the courtroom.
" come on.
let's go to papa's.
we've got a big party for you there. "
mason's face lit up.
" ice cweam?
" oh yes, there's lots of ice cream just for you. "
" yay! "
he cried.
when they drove up at patrick's, megan did a double take at the sight of an inflatable bouncy castle out on the lawn.
john, percy, and georgie were already making good use of it.
" emma, the party planning monster has struck again, " she mused.
pesh chuckled as he got out of the car.
he went to get mason while she started into the house.
balloons and flowers filled the foyer and living room.
over the dining room archway, there was a giant congratulations mason sign.
when she got to the kitchen, she sucked in a breath at the sight of all the catering pans.
" emma fitzgerald, what have you done? "
she questioned.
at the sound of megan's voice, emma jumped.
clutching her chest, she whirled around.
" okay, so maybe i found a really excellent deal on the bouncy castle.
like ridiculously cheap. "
megan crossed her arms over her chest.
" the food?
i thought mom and my aunts were cooking. "
holding up one hand, emma replied, " just williamson brothers bbq.
nothing fancy. "
" anything else i need to know about?
live band or celebrity bursting out of a cake? "
emma giggled.
" nope.
that's it. "
megan watched emma bustle around the kitchen, setting up the plates and cutlery.
" um, is there anything i can do?
i mean, i feel pretty shitty considering this is my son's adoption party, " megan said, with a smile.
pink tinged emma's cheeks.
" i'm sorry. "
megan threw her arms around emma and squeezed her tight.
" don't be sorry.
you're amazing to do all of this for us. "
emma smiled.
" you're more than welcome.
i'm so happy for you and pesh and for mason. "
" thank you. "
when megan pulled away, emma said, " oh, there is something you can do.
go tell aidan we're about to start.
he went to get caroline up from her nap. "
" sure.
i 'll be happy to. "
as megan started down the familiar hallway, she stopped outside of aidan's boyhood bedroom.
through the crack in the door, she could see him walking around the room, bouncing caroline in his arms.
at the sound of his singing, she had to stifle a laugh.
ankle was many things, but a singer wasn't one of them.
" sweet caroline, dum, dum, dum.
good times never seemed so good, " he crooned off-key.
when megan pushed open the door, aidan jumped.
" um, hey, " he said, a flush entering his cheeks.
" i never really pictured you as a neil diamond fan, " she said, with a smile.
" yeah, well, sweet caroline seems like the right thing to sing to her. "
he cleared his throat.
" what are you doing in here? "
" emma wanted me to come get you. "
" oh, " he said.
in his arms, caroline began to whimper, her little fists flailed.
" shh, it's okay, sweet pea.
where was i? "
" i've been inclined, " megan answered him.
" right, " he said, over caroline's cries.
when he picked back up with the song, megan said, " that's really unfair to torture her like that. "
as aidan scowled at megan, caroline began to quiet.
aidan's expression then turned triumphant.
" see?
she likes it when i sing to her. "
" but you can't sing, " megan protested.
aidan shrugged.
" it doesn't matter to her. "
megan laughed.
" she has a mother with a killer voice, yet she likes to listen to you? "
flashing his signature cocky grin, aidan replied, " what can i say?
all women love me. "
with a roll of her eyes, megan said, " give me a break. "
glancing down at caroline, aidan said in a sing-song voice, " don't you have the sweetest, handsomest, and most wonderful daddy in the whole wide world? "
caroline cooed at his question and kicked her legs.
" she's a smart girl because she knows how lucky she is. "
" you're terrible, " megan said, with a grin.
aidan looked from his daughter over to megan.
" you want to hold my most perfect little princess? "
" i would love to. "
she held out her arms as aidan passed caroline to her.
outfitted in a frilly purple dress and purple bow, caroline looked like she could be modeling baby wear.
unlike noah's strawberry blond hair, hers was a deep auburn.
she had also inherited her mother's green eyes.
" i have to agree that you're a lucky girl because you look just like your mother, " megan said.
aidan laughed.
" yeah, she is a little mini-emma, isn't she? "
" she is.
boy, she's going to give you hell when she's a teenager, " megan teased.
" i know.
trust me, i know. "
as caroline smiled up at her, megan couldn't help sighing.
" you're a bad influence, missy.
you make me want to have another baby. "
" is that a bad thing? "
aidan asked.
" no, it's just... " " just what? "
" i asked pesh to give me a year of marriage before we start trying.
i know he's ready right now, but i just want this time with him.
you know, just the two of us. "
" that's understandable. "
" but holding her... " megan shook her head.
" you're just bad for business, miss caroline. "
aidan laughed.
" tell me about it.
whenever i hold her or noah, i think how much i'm going to miss it when they're not babies anymore.
it nags at me enough that i think i 'll be okay if we have more. "
" no vasectomy on the horizon? "
he grinned.
" no yet.
still not ruling it out though.
and as far as you and more babies, you 'll know when the time is right.
and if anyone is patient and understanding, it's pesh. "
" that's true, " megan murmured.
mason appeared in the doorway then.
"'mon, mommy.
want ice cweam! "
megan laughed.
" okay, let me give your little bad influence back to you, " she said, handing caroline to aidan.
she then took mason's hand and started out of the bedroom.
" daddy says i have ice cweam first. "
" did he? "
megan said, as she planned to strangle pesh.
" uh huh.
'cause it's my 'doption day. "
when she met pesh's eye, she raised her brows.
immediately, his face flushed.
" spoiling him rotten already, aren't you? "
she questioned in a low voice.
" i couldn't help it.
it's a special day. "
" mmm, hmm, and when this special day turns into an all nighter because he's hyped on sugar, you're going to deal with him. "
pesh grinned.
" i will.
i promise. "
megan leaned up to kiss him.
" you're too sweet for your own good.
you're always going to have me playing bad cop when it comes to discipline. "
" but you love me anyway, right? "
he murmured against her lips.
" so much i was almost ready to reconsider our plan about when we're starting a family. "
his eyes bulged at her response.
it took him a few moments to speak.
" that means a lot that you would do that, but deep down i know how you really feel.
so, i'm going to be good and patiently wait ten more months before confiscating your birth control. "
" it's a deal, " she replied, before kissing him again.
epilogue as soon as he finished with his last patient, pesh practically sprinted from the exam room.
he hustled into the doctors'lounge, trying hard to keep his head down and not call any attention to himself.
he wanted to be able to get out the door without anyone calling him back for a consult or to pull a longer shift.
once he had retrieved his things, he started for the parking lot.
" dr.
nadeen! "
kristi called.
inwardly, he groaned.
" yes? "
he questioned, as he turned around.
" you weren't leaving, were you? "
she asked.
he exhaled a defeated breath.
" i was planning on it.
does someone need me to cover for them? "
kristi winked at him.
" thought you were screwed there for a minute, didn't you? "
a relieved laugh escaped his lips.
" i did. "
she smiled.
" i have something for megan. "
" honestly kristi, you didn't need to do anything else for us. "
waving her hand dismissively, she handed a pink gift bag to him.
" i wanted to do this. "
after peeking inside, pesh smiled before he leaned down to hug kristi.
" thank you.
i'm sure she 'll love it. "
" you tell her we miss her around here. "
" i will. "
she patted his back.
" now go on home to your girls. "
he nodded and then hurried out the door.
today had been his first day back after taking both paternity leave and some of his many amassed sick days.
as he slid into the seat of his jaguar, he felt a rush of embarrassment at how he had actually gotten teary on the way to work that morning after leaving megan.
it had been the longest shift of his entire life.
he thought he would never be through so he could get home to her.
even now, the usual ten-minute drive home seemed to take an eternity.
he anxiously drummed his fingers on the steering wheel.
he 'd tried not to pester megan with too many calls and texts, but after the tenth, " how are you guys? "
text, she 'd told him to lighten up and get his head in the game at work.
that's why he didn't even bother telling her he was on his way home.
as he pulled into the driveway, he noticed emma's suv.
he was glad to know that megan hadn't been alone without him.
when he pushed through the garage door into the kitchen, emma was at the stove.
" hello, " he called pleasantly.
whirling around, she gave him a beaming smile.
" hello to you, too. "
" how are my girls? "
" good.
they've slept most of the day. "
pesh nodded.
noticing how quiet the house was, he asked, " where's mason? "
" patrick came by and got him, along with noah and caroline, a little while ago. "
she cocked her head at pesh and grinned.
" although he swore to me that he wouldn't ruin their dinner, i have a feeling they're having ice cream right now. "
pesh smiled at the mention of his son.
although he wasn't mason's biological father, the love he felt for him was just as strong as if he had been a part of his conception.
from the moment he 'd been able to adopt him, he had felt an even stronger bond than before, especially whenever he saw " mason nadeen " written on his pre-school paperwork.
more than anything, he relished being a father.
he had been forced to wait so long, while desiring it so hard, that it made it all the more sweeter.
because mason adored baseball, pesh had bought season tickets to the braves, rather than the opera.
even though pesh had never been athletically inclined, he signed up to help coach mason's little league team as well.
every time he heard mason say " daddy, " it warmed his heart the same as it did to hear megan say " i love you. "
pesh eyed the dishes on the stove.
" it's awfully kind of you to come stay with megan on my first day back.
but we certainly didn't expect for you to cook. "
" it's my pleasure.
besides, it kills two birds with one stone-i can feed my family and yours.
aidan's coming by after work. "
" good.
i 'll be glad to see him. "
as his gaze swept toward the living room, emma laughed.
" go on.
you don't have to stay here with me.
i know you want to see your girls. "
he smiled.
" thank you.
i have missed them terribly today. "
after giving emma a quick kiss on the cheek, he made his way into the living room.
at the sight of megan sleeping on the couch next to a frilly pink pack n play, his chest swelled with so much love and pride he felt like it might explode.
peeking over the side of the pack n play, he eyed his dark-haired daughters.
after waiting so long to become a father, he had been doubly blessed when they found out they were having twins.
while aidan liked to claim that his fear of the twin gene in his family had bypassed him, and instead, it had found its way to megan, that wasn't entirely true.
his girls were identical twins, which had nothing to do with old wives'tales.
the two of them looked so much alike that megan put different colored socks on them to tell them apart.
although it had freaked megan out a little at the prospect of two babies to care for along with mason, pesh was thrilled.
every aspect of the pregnancy and birth had been special to him.
thankfully, megan had been blessed with great health, although she had been advised to take early maternity leave to stay off her feet.
after her clinicals, she had accepted a job in the er at wellstar, where they sometimes were on similar shifts.
the girls arrived only a few weeks short of their due date and were both healthy five pounders.
six weeks later, they were thriving and were the greatest joy in his life.
sucking relentlessly on her pacifier, maya's wide eyes took in her surroundings.
she stretched and flailed her arms.
if she wasn't careful, she was going to hit her sister.
since sara remained sleeping soundly, pesh bent over and picked maya up.
he kissed her cheek before drawing her close to his chest.
as he stared into her tiny face, he couldn't help the surge of love that overtook him.
for all the years of struggle and heartache he had endured, it was moments like these that made him feel as though he was finally complete.
his heart was full, and he was so thankful.
once they learned they were having girls, he and megan had decided to give them both indian and irish names to represent their combined heritages.
maya, which meant princess and honorable in indian, was coupled with katherine, to honor emma, whose middle name was katherine.
without emma, he and megan never would have met.
sara, which meant'soul ', was given her mother's real name, margaret, as her middle name.
at the sound of megan's gentle snores, he smiled.
" did you wear your mommy out today? "
he asked maya.
she opened her tiny mouth like she wished she could respond to him.
" let's wake her up. "
after he swept a strand of megan's long blonde hair out of her face, pesh leaned down to kiss her cheek.
she stirred as her eyes fluttered opened.
" hey, " she said with a lazy smile.
" hello, my love, " he replied.
" how was your first day back? "
she asked, as she stretched her arms over her head.
he grimaced.
" absolutely miserable without you and the girls. "
megan smiled.
" we missed you, too. "
she jerked her chin up at maya.
" she cried for thirty minutes straight after you left.
i think we have a serious daddy's girl on our hands. "
" really? "
he asked, gazing down at maya.
he couldn't help the warm glow that spread through his chest at megan's words.
at just six weeks old, his girls were already showing distinct and different personalities.
maya was inquisitive and fought sleep to be awake to see what all was going on.
he 'd ended up holding her more than sara simply because maya often exhausted megan by not going to sleep.
sara, on the other hand, was already very sweet tempered and a natural snuggler.
she probably represented his more laid-back, quiet personality where maya was likely to be a little firecracker, just like her mom.
maya stared up at him, her dark eyes peering intently at him.
" did you miss me, my little princess? "
a fleeting smile appeared on her face.
" oh my god, she smiled at you! "
megan cried.
" but babies don't respond with smiling until later.
it must be gas or something, " he argued.
megan nudged his leg with her knee.
" she most definitely smiled at you, pesh. "
she rose off the couch to rub maya's cheek.
" you smiled at your daddy, didn't you? "
without taking her eyes off of pesh, maya flashed another smile and waved her fist.
the sight caused tears to sting his eyes.
he blinked fast, trying to clear them.
he didn't like feeling emotionally weak in front of megan.
but he knew he was busted the moment megan murmured, " oh baby. "
she slid her arm around his waist, leaning up on her tiptoes to burrow her face in his neck.
" do you know how much my love for you grows because you just got teary over your daughter? "
he glanced down at her in surprise.
" really? "
" mmm, hmm. "
she gave him a brief kiss.
" after davis, all i ever wanted was for my children to have a father who loved and adored them. "
she smiled.
" you make that dream come true every day. "
he brought his lips to hers.
his mouth worked frantically to illustrate all that he was feeling inside-the intense love that he felt would burst from him.
" i love you, " he murmured against her lips.
" i love you, too. "
just as he started to kiss her again, a loud commotion in the kitchen drew them apart.
megan rubbed his cheek tenderly before bestowing a kiss on maya's head.
she then jerked her chin towards the kitchen, and he followed her.
patrick had just burst through the backdoor with all the kids in tow.
" we're back! "
mason called, as he bobbed around the kitchen.
three-year-old noah and his two-year-old sister, caroline, made a beeline for their mother.
they began chattering non-stop to emma while their bodies shook with unspent energy.
pesh watched with amusement as emma's hand came to her hip and she pointed her stirring spoon at patrick.
" you gave them ice cream, didn't you? "
patrick shrugged.
" i'm a grandfather.
spoiling them is what i'm supposed to do. "
emma rolled her eyes.
" yeah, and then you bring them home to detox on my watch. "
" mommy, i hungwy! "
caroline protested, stomping her foot.
with her auburn hair swept back in pigtails and her emerald eyes narrowing in determination, she looked just like her mother.
well, her expression was pure aidan.
" caroline fitzgerald, you get one ice cream cone in you, and you start acting like you have no manners.
we do not stomp our feet to get what we want. "
she appeared thoughtful for a moment before saying, " pwease mommy, i vewy hungwy. "
emma grinned.
" go wash up and then have a seat at the table in the dining room. "
" come on guys, " mason said.
at almost four-and-a-half, he was always the caretaker of his younger cousins.
noah and caroline followed him into the half bathroom off the kitchen.
cradling maya in his arms, pesh joined emma at the stove.
" something sure smells good. "
" thank you.
it's megan's favorite chicken casserole.
then there's broccoli and cheese casserole, green beans, and some cornbread, extra crispy on the edges just like megan loves it. "
the corners of her mouth turned down in a frown.
" i'm sorry it's not indian food. "
he grinned.
" i would have been very surprised if it had been considering how much you didn't appreciate it many years ago. "
patrick nodded in agreement.
" that's quite a spread you've fixed for us. "
emma smiled.
" i was happy to do it. "
" are you feeling all right? "
pesh asked, motioning to her expanding belly.
emma patted her bump lovingly before responding.
" i think i've felt the best this pregnancy out of all the others.
you would think with a three and two-year-old, i would be exhausted all the time, but it's amazing how good i've felt. "
patrick gave a beaming smile.
" i can't tell you how thrilled i am to be having yet another grandson to carry on the family name. "
with a wink, he added, " not to mention the fact he's been given fine irish names. "
aidan and emma had found out the sex of their third, and final child, the week before.
they had decided on the name connor liam, which was a double representation of irish names.
while emma's best friend, connor, was thrilled at the namesake, he also wanted them to call the baby connor as well.
in the end, it would be liam fitzgerald joining the rest of the crew in four and a half months.
" and is aidan still feeling okay? "
pesh asked.
emma opened her mouth to answer him, but aidan chose that moment to walk in the door.
" me and my soon to be non-swimmers are just fine, " he replied, with a grin.
a week before he had gone under the laser for a vasectomy.
while caroline had been a surprise, liam had not.
with emma nearing thirty-four, they thought it best to finish out their family while they were still young.
and while emma was pregnant and there were no worries about conception, aidan thought it was the best time to get his vasectomy and let it take effect.
" daddy! "
caroline squealed, as she came bounding around the corner.
aidan's grin grew wider as he took his daughter in his arms.
" hi sweet pea. "
she kissed both of his cheeks before she started wiggling, wanting down.
noah ran to him next, and he got to hold his son a little longer as noah told him all about his day helping out with the babies.
a cry from the living room snapped pesh's attention away from aidan and emma.
megan was bending over the pack n play, picking up sara.
" aw, what's wrong, sweetheart? "
she cooed, as she took sara into her arms.
as megan rocked her back and forth, sara continued wailing, which caused maya's face to crumple up as well.
" you must be hungry. "
" i 'll get their bottles, " pesh called, over the twin's loud cries.
" thank you. "
as emma worked to gather the kids, along with patrick and aidan, around the dining room table, pesh got busy heating up the formula.
once he had the two bottles fixed, he grabbed them and then went to the dining room.
megan was already seated with mason trying to entertain sara to stop crying her crying.
he passed a bottle to megan before sitting down himself.
he 'd barely gotten the bottle in her mouth before maya started sucking greedily at the formula.
as aidan reached to start spooning some chicken casserole onto his plate, patrick shot him a disapproving look.
with a sigh, aidan dropped the serving spoon.
" you gon na say grace even though it's not your house, pop? "
" why yes, i am.
it's good for all these children to learn, " he replied, motioning to noah and caroline who sat between their parents, and then over to mason.
" it should be up to pesh and megan whether it's said or not, " aidan grumbled.
pesh held up his free hand that wasn't holding maya.
" it's fine.
truly, i don't mind. "
aidan mouthed " suck up " at him before grinning.
pesh merely shook his head at aidan's antics.
" then let's return thanks, " patrick said.
with maya still taking long pulls at her bottle, pesh bowed his head.
as patrick recited the blessing, pesh couldn't help feeling so very blessed himself.
three years ago, the dining room would have been empty.
most likely, he would have been grabbing something on the way home or finishing some leftover takeout.
but now, he had a beautiful, loving wife by his side-one he fell a little more in love with each and every day.
across from him, he had a son who was strong and healthy.
in his arms and his wife's, he had two daughters who he couldn't wait to see what the future held for them.
he also had the love and support of good friends and family.
at the end of the day, true love in its many forms was all you could really hope for and cling to.
chapter 1 that's it.
i'm spanking her ass as soon as we get back to the house, right before i f**k her little ass into submission.
i watched with the other couple hundred thousand spectators as she gyrated her ass and flaunted what belonged to me for all to see.
yes, i know it's her job as the newest and hottest pop sensation on the scene today, but we talked about this shit.
i have no problem with her performing, but there's such a thing as going too far.
she 'd come out on the stage dressed conservatively enough in the floor length dress with the split up the middle to her crotch.
even that was a bit risque for my taste, but i couldn't expect her to change everything overnight.
what i didn't expect, and what was now driving me insane, is the two piece bikini number she was now wearing after dropping the dress, or more to the point, after one of the male dancers had undressed her on stage.
no one sitting near me could tell that i was seething with rage.
i kept my face at ease and my slouch in the chair in the front row of the awards show was that of a man with nothing on his mind but enjoying the show.
by now everyone knew we were an item, the thirty-five year old business mogul, and the twenty -three year old pop sensation.
we 'd been able to keep our affair hidden for all of two months and that only because of my high security.
but now the cat was out of the bag and everyone was in our f**king business.
i wasn't too worried about it, i just don't like my personal life splashed across the headlines, but i guess it came with the territory.
i 'd seen her for the first time three months ago.
it was at a lingerie show of all things.
not my usual milieu, but my sister had dragged me along since her husband was away on business, and she didn't want to go it alone.
i 'd sat there prepared to be bored out of my mind for the next two hours or so.
i've seen and had my fair share of models over the years, and they no longer appealed.
so imagine my surprise when she came on stage.
i had no idea who she was, but from the crowd's reaction she was someone of note ; before she even opened her mouth to sing the place had gone insane.
it was her voice that caught my attention first, sultry and hot, with an old world flavor to it.
when i finally looked up at the stage, my breath had got caught in my lungs.
she was f**king magnificent.
i wondered how many of the men in the audience were focused on her instead of the scantily clad models as they made their way down the runway.
i know i spent the next three minutes or however long the song was, totally captivated by her.
i pulled my phone and cancelled my dinner date and essentially ended the six-month relationship i 'd been barely having with another woman.
i'm a man of action, i've learned in the cutthroat world of high finance that there's no other way to be.
when i see something that i want, i go after it.
consequences be damned.
they had her name highlighted behind her on the stage so i used my phone to google her.
i needed to find out what moves i had to make to acquire her.
if she were married, i 'd step back.
that's not my style.
anything else, she was fair game.
shiane ; she was twenty-three years old and had been heating up the charts for the last two with hit after hit since her debut.
she 'd only been linked with one guy in the past two years.
some on again, off again deal with a kid who was not much older than she.
they were having an off period ; perfect.
if i had anything to say about that, it would be a permanent thing, or until i 'd had my fill at least.
i'm not one for long relationships.
i stay as long as they run their course and leave when they've grown stale.
i have yet to find a woman who could hold my interest for more than a few months at a time.
and i always let them know up front what the deal is.
though it seemed women were always saying they were fine with it until the end came.
like cynthia, that night when i 'd called to tell her it was over.
it wasn't the most conventional way to do things.
usually, i sent over one of tiffany's little blue boxes to ease the blow, but there was no time, so i 'd have to do it the next day.
she started to get upset on the phone and i had to remind her of the words i 'd spoken on our first date.
she wasn't too happy, but it will have to suffice.
as much of a bastard as i am, the thought of pursuing one woman while embroiled with another, just didn't suit me.
after the phone call, i 'd sat there and watched the anorexic looking clothe-horses as they pranced up and down the stage.
there was still a buzz about the hot little starlet who 'd just left the stage, and i smiled quietly to myself when i heard some ass behind me tell his friends that he was going to make his move.
the program said she had one more performance near the end of the show, so i sat patiently and waited.
when she came out the second time, i actually sat up in my seat.
my back wasn't the only thing that went ramrod straight.
though i didn't appreciate the comments from the other men around me that night, i had to admit that she was f**king hot, as one of them had claimed.
she was dressed pretty much like one of the models ; only she 'd covered the panty and bra set with a see-through silk robe that didn't leave much to the imagination.
she outshone everyone there and it helped that she actually had a body.
she was all smooth curves, and her legs, i could already imagine being held between them as i f**ked her.
whether by providence, or fate, whatever you wan na call it, our eyes met, and in that split second i saw all i needed to know.
i don't think anyone else caught the faltering misstep in her routine, or heard the catch in her voice, but so in tuned was i, that i didn't miss a thing.
chapter 2 i waited until her number was over and the last call for the models came through the pa. then i made my excuses to my sister, who thankfully, was involved in a conversation with the woman on her other side so wasn't paying too much attention, and therefore wasn't in my business.
" i 'll be right back sis, there's something i need to take care of.
i made my way backstage the way i do most things ; like i owned the place.
bypassing scantily clad women and harassed assistants, i avoided their hungry gazes as i kept my gaze peeled for that waterfall of cascading curls.
she was off to the side surrounded by a bevy of people who were trying to hustle her through a door to the back.
i made my way towards them and grabbed her elbow.
she looked back and up and in her eyes i saw acceptance.
she turned to the pushy woman next to her and whispered something before following me.
she didn't really have a choice as i had no intentions on releasing my hold on her.
as soon as i found an empty room, which turned out to be some sort of storage space, i did something i don't recall having ever done before, but had been dying to for that last hour or so.
crowding her back against the door to keep it closed, i held her eyes as i lowered my head to hers.
licking across her lips, i found the taste of strawberries suddenly intoxicating.
i pushed one leg between hers and pulled her body in close as i fed her my tongue.
" fuck you're sweet. "
i nibbled from her lips to her ear.
" you're coming home with me. "
" i can't i... " i buried my hands in her hair, pulling her head back.
" whatever it is that you're about to say won't make a difference.
feel this. "
i pressed her hand against her own racing heart.
" now feel this. "
lifting her i pushed my c**k into the junction of her thighs where i could feel her hot pu**y through the silk of her clothing.
" do you feel that?
that means that no one and nothing is going to stand in the way of me having you.
we don't have to f**k tonight, but you're sleeping in my bed. "
she seemed overwhelmed by my approach and rested her head against my chest.
i took the opportunity to call my sister and make my excuses.
" sis, i'm sending a car for you, something came up and i have to leave. "
we said our goodbyes and i called my driver who was having an evening off since i 'd driven my sister here tonight.
he had no problem with the last minute call since he knew he 'd be handsomely compensated for the inconvenience.
" let's get out of here. "
i don't know how we escaped the glare of flashing cameras that night, but somehow we did.
i 'd covered her scantily clad body with my suit jacket and held her under my arm as we made our way to the valet parking where they 'd brought my bugatti around in less then five minutes.
i held her hand all the way to my home in the car.
there were no words spoken between us in the ten minutes or so it had taken for us to get there.
i could feel the racing of her pulse and see the apprehension in her eyes.
when i helped her out of the car in the underground garage, i pressed her up against the door and swallowed her tongue again.
she was young and fresh and so f**king sweet she made me ache.
i loved the way she rubbed herself against my cock, almost as if she couldn't help herself.
" i'm going to enjoy having you under me shiane. "
i took her hand and led her into the building, bypassing the bank of elevators to my own personal lift in the corner.
she kept her head down, maybe because she didn't want to be recognized by the doorman and security, or maybe because she was shy, i was inclined to believe it was the latter.
once we got to my penthouse, she seemed shy and unsure of herself.
i'm not one to buy into preconceived notions.
there's been plenty written about me in the tabloids over the years that bears no resemblance to the truth, and though i hadn't come across anything inflammatory about her in my little impromptu search, i was sure she dealt with her fair share of bullshit.
i also had to take into consideration her age.
she was young yet, for all that she was world travelled and famous, sometimes those things could hide a multitude of things.
like the fact that her shyness and hesitance was not contrived.
my first order of business was to put her at ease.
walking over to where she stood in front of the door as if ready to escape at a moment's notice, i took my jacket from around her shoulders.
i kept my eyes on her bent head until i threw the jacket in the general direction of the chair in the corner.
then lifting her chin with the tip of my finger, i looked into her eyes.
" you have nothing to fear here ; it's like i said, we don't have to f**k each other tonight.
i can maybe hold off until tomorrow, but i want you in my bed, in my arms.
what i saw tonight, i would be a fool to waste any time. "
" um, what's your name? "
i threw my head back and laughed uproariously.
i'm such a beast.
i hadn't even introduced myself.
it's a wonder she hadn't run away screaming bloody murder.
" i'm trace mckenzie. "
her eyes widened a bit at my name and led me to my next question.
" you know my name? "
" everybody knows who you are, don't they? "
" i don't know about everyone, but maybe a good few do.
can i get you something to drink?
what do you usually do after a performance, which was magnificent by the way. "
" i usually have warmed lemon and honey with a glass of water.
it helps keep my throat soothed, but i don't expect you to have that stuff here, so it's okay. "
she bit her lip and looked down at her feet even more shy now.
very endearing.
i walked over to the in house phone and called down to have them go pick me up what she needed from the all-night market a few blocks over.
" that's taken care of.
it should be here in a few.
why don't we go out onto the patio and relax until they get here? "
i took her elbow and led her outside where the stars were putting on a show in the night sky.
i was amazed at my control, everything in me wanted in her now.
but somehow, i knew this, whatever it was between us wouldn't be rushed.
i quirked my brow at my thoughts.
i'm not one for patience and i 'd be the first to admit it.
she moved to sit in the chair next to mine, but i had other ideas.
pulling her down into my lap, i didn't give her time to protest before my lips were covering hers again.
i couldn't seem to get enough of her taste.
she was wearing the same silk robe and underwear she 'd worn on stage and her body's heat seared me.
by the time the bell chimed announcing the arrival of her delivery, my hands were buried in her beautiful hair and my c**k was digging into her hip.
i sat her in the seat a little dazed and went to answer the door.
in the kitchen i prepared the concoction for her and had a weird sense that i was going to be doing that a lot in the future.
that's something else i never pay too much attention to, the future.
i usually let the chips fall where they may.
" here love, i hope it's the way you like it. "
she took the tumbler from me and sipped.
" umm, perfect thanks trace. "
i hunkered down in front of her and she stopped with the glass halfway to her lips.
i held her eyes as i tried to form the words in my head.
" do you have any upcoming engagements planned? "
" i have three weeks until my next show, i don't go on tour for another couple of months and i just wrapped up in the studio a few days ago. "
" then the next three weeks are mine.
let's go to bed tomorrow is going to be a long day. "
i took the empty glass from her and led her inside.
she was back to being nervous which was totally understandable.
" the bedroom's through there with an en suite bath if you 'd like.
i 'll find you something to sleep in. "
she walked on in the direction i 'd pointed out while i turned for the kitchen.
when i made it back to the bedroom she was in the shower.
it took everything i had in me not to go after her.
the night sure was turning into one for the books.
i've never brought a woman home for the sole purpose of just having here there.
she came out fifteen minutes later and i fought the kick in my heart.
she looked like a teenager with her hair brushed out around her shoulders and her face bare of makeup.
i walked over and unwrapped the towel she had clutched in her fist.
" fuck me, it's gon na be a long f**king night. "
she was perfection.
her tits, which for some reason had been hidden in the robe were magnificent, i would say a dd or close, with pale pink ni**les that almost blended into the rest of her flesh.
her waist was tiny, i could easily span it with my hands and her hips had a nice flare to them.
all woman and now all mine.
it was topped off with a homegrown beauty that you never see these days.
pink flesh with a hint of a tan on her cheeks, and the cutest sprinkling of freckles across her perfectly upturned nose.
" i see you're a real blonde. "
her whole body lit up with her blush at my mention of the strip of hair over her pu**y mound.
i kissed the top of her head as i passed her the tee shirt i 'd chosen for her to sleep in.
another first, i usually avoided too much familiarity with the women i dealt with.
having her sleep in my favorite old college shirt was very telling in deed, but we 'll see how this plays out.
" i 'll be right out sweetie, you can watch tv until i'm done or if you're tired go to sleep. "
i left her standing there and went to my own shower before i went back on my word and threw her to the ground and f**ked her the way i imagined.
i barely avoided rubbing one out in the shower ; just let the water beat down on me as cold as i could stand it, cooling me down a little.
when my felt the slight ping in my heart i held my hands out to wall and hung my head as the water cascaded down on me.
i knew what was happening to me, knew it down to my bones, should i fight it or let it take its natural course?
i 'd never felt threatened before, in all my years of playing the filed, there was never a time when my bachelorhood was in danger.
it was too early yet, or at least that was the crutch i held onto as i turned the water off and stepped out of the marble shower stall.
wrapping a towel around my hips and grabbing another i walked into the bedroom to find her asleep.
my new baby was tired.
i stood over her, taking in the softness of her beauty in sleep.
i wonder how many people had ever seen this side of her.
i had a brief stab of jealousy at the thought of the boy she 'd been linked with.
i ran my fingers gently through her hair, going softly so i didn't awaken her.
i shook my head at myself after i leaned over and kissed her hair.
" so f**king beautiful. "
i whispered the words in her ear before heading to the closet for some boxer shorts.
no sleeping in the buff tonight, i 'd changed the game plan somewhere between seeing her on that stage and handing her that tee shirt.
i was treading unchartered waters here, so we 'll play it by ear, but there's always been one constant with me throughout my lifetime.
i always play to win.
i couldn't help drawing her into my arms when i finally crawled into bed.
she just cuddled into my chest and settled, just like this kitten i once had as a child.
what the f**k?
i haven't thought of my f**ked up childhood or anything to do with it in a long time.
i looked down at the head on my chest and felt fear for the first time in my life, or at least for the first time in forever.
what was i to do with this new thing that was growing inside of me?
i have no notion of how to deal with love and all its trappings.
i'm man enough to own my feelings, but logical enough, grounded enough not to believe in love at first sight.
but this whatever it was that had hit me from out of left field, was a close second.
i fell asleep with the thought of what tomorrow might bring for us.
first time in thirteen years, that i didn't close my eyes with a spreadsheet running through my head.
chapter 3 in the morning my eyes popped open to land on hers as she looked up at me from her place on my chest.
" morning beautiful girl. "
i drew her in for a cuddle and to sniff the morning scent of her skin.
she felt right in my arms, in my bed.
when i pulled back she was looking at me askance.
" this is so weird, i hope you don't think i'm in the habit of going home with strange men... " " whatever you did or did not do before we met last night is in the past.
besides, i don't remember giving you much of a choice. "
" i'm gon na kiss you now sweet shiane, don't worry about my hard cock, it can't seem to help doing that around you. "
i turned her onto her back and covered her body with mine.
starting at her ear i kissed my way down her jawline to the corner of her mouth before taking soft nibbles of her lips.
i didn't force my way in this time, but made her want my tongue so much that she was the one who came in search of it.
she was the one who took my face in her hands and forced my lips open with her tongue.
i told myself to go easy even as i pressed my aching c**k into her heat.
her shirt had ridden up so that all that stood between us were a few scraps of silk.
my control lasted for all of ten seconds before i was eating at her lips, my hands roaming all over her body.
" fuck, f**k, f**k... shiane. "
i buried my face in her neck and prayed for the strength to leave it there, not to push her panties aside and slip into her heat that i knew was going to own my ass.
when she nuzzled my head and squeezed me between her legs, i knew the jig was up.
" baby we got ta get up ; i'm trying to keep my word here but you're not making it easy. "
i sucked the skin of her neck between my teeth and rocked my c**k back and forth into her, my c**k ring hitting her clit with each stroke and driving me insane.
she hissed and shook beneath me.
" fuck baby don't do that. "
i gritted my teeth and rolled away with my arm thrown over my eyes.
" fuck!
get off the bed baby... please. "
she hesitated for a minute before i felt her leave the bed.
this was not f**king happening to me.
how the f**k was this happening to me?
when i felt my breathing calm enough and my dick was down to a slow throb instead of a raging pulse, i lifted my hand and looked at her.
she looked so f**king young and innocent standing there, unsure of the crazy man who 'd dragged her off to his lair in the middle of the night and was now acting like an ass.
" i'm sorry baby if you 'd stayed here one second more i would've f**ked you.
since i kinda gave my word i don't want to go back on it.
that's no way to start thins off.
it's saturday morning, you said you don't really have anything pressing on the calendar so i 'll tell you what we're gon na do. "
" i'm pretty sure if we went anywhere in this city you 'd be recognized in five minutes flat am i right? "
" yeah pretty much. "
" and you didn't bring any clothes with you obviously, so going out to breakfast was pretty much out anyway, for now at least.
so... i'm gon na go downstairs and make us some breakfast sounds good? "
" yeah, okay. "
i studied her as she stood there with her hair all mussed from my fingers, my mark forming on her neck and the shirt hanging off her shoulder.
it was the sexiest f**king thing i 'd ever seen.
" i changed my mind come 'ere. "
she made a running leap for the bed and landed on top of me, causing my eyes to open in surprise.
the smile that broke out across my face was another shared first as i pulled her head down and clasping her there, took her lips in another wild kiss.
she kissed like an innocent and i found it thrilling to teach her my showing her how to chase my tongue with hers.
my c**k was leaking profusely at this point as i enjoyed running my tongue around the inside of her mouth, over her teeth, and lips before diving back in.
it was a long time since i 'd dry humped anyone, but f**k if that isn't what i found myself doing.
with one hand clasped behind her head and the other holding her ass in place, i moved her body over mine, while my c**k started leaking even more into my shorts.
i wanted to turn her over onto her back and just take her, but i didn't.
instead i pressed her cunt harder into my aching c**k and ground our pelvises together.
she moaned into my mouth and quivered as i felt the first burst of cum leave my spewing cock.
we laid still until our breathing went back to normal.
" i think a shower is in order don't you? "
i sat up with her still in my lap and rolled out of bed, headed for the shower.
shiane i can't believe i'm doing this.
nothing like this has ever happened to me before, but when i 'd looked into his eyes last night while on stage, there was something there that called to me, what that was i still wasn't sure, but somehow i knew i would be a fool to let it pass.
i would've gone on as usual if he hadn't approached me, i'm not bold enough to have sought him out.
but now that i was here i wasn't sure of my moves.
i've only ever been with one guy, someone i met when i first started my music career.
i 'd saved myself all through high school, holding out for that special someone.
and then after i 'd been discovered, i 'd been too busy in the studio and with other engagements to think about a relationship.
i've never been into the casual scene, so when i met donnie, i 'd thought i 'd found my soul mate.
someone i could spend my life with.
that was before i 'd overheard him making plans to hook up with someone else.
that day was the lowest point of my life.
when i 'd confronted him after coming out of the bathroom unexpectedly and overheard him, he 'd grown angry.
angry enough to hit me for questioning him ; then he 'd filled me in on the truth.
he 'd only been with me because it was good for his career.
he thought that being linked to the hottest new number on the music scene would open doors for him, which it did.
he called me a stupid little farm girl with rose-colored glasses.
as he put it, everyone was doing it ; it was known part of the business.
people f**ked one another to get ahead.
when i 'd stupidly told him i thought we would get married like we 'd talked about he 'd laughed in my face.
it was then that my love had started to die.
it didn't die completely until news of our split got out and i learned that this wasn't the first time he 'd cheated, and that everyone thought i knew.
apparently they thought i was doing the same.
i was never so humiliated in my life, all our friends, if you can call them that ; had known.
i 'd slipped out of the spotlight for a while until my management told me i had to appear with the snake for publicity sake because of prior agreements and the album we 'd collaborated on together.
so for a few months the world thought we were an item again.
it was hard, especially when he cornered me one day after rehearsal and said we could just pick up where we left off, i was an okay f**k after all.
i didn't even know this person.
all i could do was walk away in disgust.
since then he 'd called me a few times, he knew i wasn't seeing anyone and since he 'd been my first somehow this little farm girl should just overlook his infidelity and turn a blind eye, because according to him i was never going to find better, because everybody in the business cheats.
now here i am, not even a month later doing something i never thought in a million years i would ever do.
when i opened my eyes this morning and saw him there, his face relaxed in sleep, so perfectly handsome.
the first thing that caught my attention was the tattoos on his chest and arms.
the business suit sure hadn't prepared me for that, or for what i was sure was a piercing in his cock.
of course i knew who he was, everyone did, the self-made billionaire who 'd come from nothing.
his story was told far and wide in all circles.
a male cinderella story if you will.
from what i remember his parents had been poor, from some place in the midwest.
he 'd boxed in high school and gained a scholarship to an ivy league university where he 'd continued his boxing career but had focused more on his studies.
then he 'd invented some game software and used the money from that to start his own securities firm.
they called him the wonder kid of wall street.
though kid wasn't exactly accurate.
he put me down in the bathroom long enough to start the shower before he turned back to me and lifted the worn tee shirt over my head.
i was embarrassed as he pulled my panties down my thighs and when i stepped out of them and he picked them up and brought them up to his face, i thought my body would go up in flames.
his eyes held mine as he lowered them and then he was pulling me back into that hard chest of his again and our mouths mated.
he dropped his shorts while our tongues were playing tag and turned me towards the huge marble stall.
no words were spoken as he soaped up his hands and washed by body.
his hands glided over me, slowly, taking his time as he touched my body, as though he were paying homage.
" i love your body baby, so f**king much. "
he seemed hypnotized with by my chest, which until the look in his eyes, had always been a source of embarrassment for me.
they were just too... everything.
but that way he touched them made me feel beautiful.
" get up here. "
he picked me up so that my legs went around his waist and his mouth covered mine once more as my now slippery body slid all over his chest.
i feel the hardness of his c**k pressing into my ass up to the small of my back.
i had a moment's pause at the length of him.
there was no way that thing would ever fit inside me.
" we have to stop baby. "
he took a few more nibbles of my lips before letting me slip down his body.
we finished our shower after he 'd passed me the soap to return the favor.
my heart all but flew out of my chest as i ran my hands over his beautiful chest.
my face heated up as i leaned over and kissed his chest and i felt a sense of power when his body shook.
he turned off the water and led me out of the shower.
grabbing a towel he dried me before going to a door in the bathroom that led to a closet of sorts.
he came back with a long silk robe that obviously belonged to him, and one for himself.
downstairs in the kitchen he kissed me once more before seating me on a stool at the island and turning to the fridge.
" an omelet okay princess? "
" yes, sounds great. "
princess, how did he know that i've always wanted someone to call me that?
he couldn't have, so that was just another sign that there was something going on here that went beyond the obvious.
he plated the omelets and sat down across from me after pouring us both cups of coffee from his state of the art coffee maker.
i studied the kitchen for something to so instead of staring at his chest that was exposed by the gap in his robe.
i could stare at it all, or his beautiful face with those cerulean blue eyes that seemed to darken whenever he looked at me.
" today is saturday, monday morning we're going to my private doctor to have tests done.
not that i think you're unsafe, this is for both of us.
when i take you there will be nothing between us and i want you to be comfortable with the fact that i'm clean as well. "
" i see from the gossip rags that you've only had one serious relationship since you came onto the music scene, tell me about that. "
i laid my fork down and folded my arms around my middle.
" what do you want to know? "
" everything. "
it almost sounded like a growl.
i kept my head down ; surely this was a bit personal for two people who 'd only just met ; more personal than cumming all over him and he you you ninny?
i blushed at the memory and felt my body shudder.
i almost jumped out of my skin when his finger lifted my chin.
" now's not the time to think about what i can and will do to you sweetie, we need to clear some things up first ; eat your breakfast. "
i told him about meeting donnie, about my childhood in the southwest and the life i 'd left behind to follow my dream of becoming a singer, the years of hard work before the payoff.
the supportive family who was still very much a part of my life and whom i stayed in contact with by weekly phone calls and skype chats.
of course i left out the most embarrassing details of my messy break-up with donnie.
no one outside our circle knew the real reason behind the break, but i knew it was only a matter of time before that was no longer a secret.
but somehow i couldn't find it in me to tell this virile man who looked at me like i was the hottest sex object on the planet, that i had been such an abject failure ; or that i had been such a gullible, green fool.
" did you love him? "
i looked up at him then, there was something in his voice, something i couldn't quite place but it sounded menacing somehow.
i swallowed hard before i answered him.
" i thought i did, but now i'm not sure what i was feeling.
maybe i was caught up in the excitement of my new life and he was the first interesting guy to ever pay me any attention, or the first one that i noticed anyway. "
" do you two still stay in touch? "
" no, only if we're working on one of our songs or something that calls for us to work together in a professional capacity. "
" and how often does that happen? "
" we just did an album together.
it was finished just before we broke up.
we might have to perform the songs together at awards shows and things like that in the future, i'm not sure of anything right now though. "
" that's something we 'll have to deal with, something you should know before we go any farther.
i'm a very territorial about my possessions.
i don't share shiane, not ever. "
" i find myself in new territory here though, because i've never cared about a woman's past before, never cared how many partners she had before me.
with you i find that i hate this boy for having had you.
it's silly i know, since you know of me, then you know that i've not been a monk myself.
i don't know why i should feel this way, it just is. "
i didn't say anything to that, what was there to say?
like he said i 'd read of his exploits along with the rest of america.
he was a known lady's man.
not necessarily a skirt chaser, it seems they were usually the ones doing the chasing.
none of his encounters if i remember correctly had ever lasted more than a few months at the most.
is that what he was after now?
because if it was, as much as i felt that strong pull for him, i don't think i was ready for a fling.
something of my inner thoughts must've shown on my face because he brought my attention back to him with his next words.
" stop worrying, like i told you, whatever was in the past is just that, the past. "
could i ask him outright what his intentions were, or would he find the question gauche and immature?
that as something else donnie had accused me of.
he 'd said that my ideals were old and outdated.
apparently it was against the new social norm to actually want to have a meaningful relationship that lasted longer than the time it took to scratch an itch.
" you said there were some things that we needed to clear up before we went any farther, well i think you should know i'm not into casual flings, i... " " i think i got that princess. "
he didn't say anything else for the longest while, just studied me over his coffee mug.
" i don't know where this is going, not exactly, but i do know there isn't going to be anything casual about it.
chapter 4 trace i didn't take her home until later that evening.
i 'd turned her phone off at about noon after it had rung for the tenth time in half an hour.
i had her send off a quick text to her assistant so that they knew she was alive and that was it.
she seemed a bit panicked at first and i knew the feeling, since i 'd once been synced with my phone and any form of communication, until i 'd learned to compartmentalize.
we spent the time getting to know each other, when i wasn't kissing her.
i didn't risk getting too hot and heavy with her again, because i didn't trust myself to stop.
when i take her i want to feel her pu**y around my cock.
i have never in my life f**ked a woman without some kind of protection and definitely not without a condom.
i didn't look too deeply at my reasons for wanting to do it with her.
all i know is that the memory of her on that stage the night before, the jolt that had gone through me when our eyes connected, was something that i wasn't willing to brush aside.
i've spent my life following my gut and hunches that others had scoffed at, only to come out on top.
this just might be the biggest f**king hunch i ever play in my life.
if the beautiful girl that was sitting on my lap in my living room, dressed only in one of my robes, knew the thoughts that were going through my head i'm not sure she wouldn't have been looking for the nearest exit.
everything about her called to something in me, something i hadn't known was there.
by the time i took her home to her apartment on the other side of the park i was second guessing myself.
outside her apartment i looked for a parking spot.
" you don't have to walk me up you know, i'm perfectly safe here. "
" no deal princess, i'm contemplating turning around and taking you back home, the only reason i'm not is because you don't have anything to wear and i'm sure you have stuff to take care of.
but i'm coming up with you.
i'm not ready for our first date to be over just yet.
she blushed and smiled and reached over to kiss me but then seemed to think better of it.
so i was the one who held her head and pulled her the rest of the way.
if there were any cameras around i didn't care in that moment.
though i understood her concerns, she 'd explained about how precious her privacy had become since she 'd found stardom, how the simplest thing like running out for a carton of milk had now become a monumental task.
that was something else i was going to have to take care of.
i wasn't sure from what she 'd said, what kind of security detail she had on a daily basis.
i mean look how easy it had been for me to get to her and literally take her out of their hands.
on top of her own star status, being linked with me might put her even more in the spotlight, so i was gon na have to take care of that first thing.
i helped her out of the car and through the doors.
she was wearing a pair of my jeans rolled at the ankles and around the waist, but of course she 'd made it look like a fashion statement.
we made it up to her apartment with no interruptions and i was still holding her hand.
i loved the look of her place, it was open space and airy with windows all around with a view of the park and a bit of the city skyline.
it was nothing like mine, but it wasn't shabby either.
i saw little touches of her here, in the bright colors and soft throw pillows that she seemed to have a fondness for.
she was back to being shy again but at lease it seemed to stem more from what i thought of her place this time.
we 'd spent the day practically locked together in every way but one, so most of her reticence had melted away somewhat.
" i like it.
grab some stuff you're coming back with me. "
" you... i thought you said you were brining me home to take care of stuff and you 'll see me on monday? "
i looked down at her as she turned that little innocent face up to me.
" i did say that baby, but i changed my mind.
i'm not ready for us to be apart. "
i had the fleeting thought that i may never be ready for that again, but squashed it.
" do you need help packing? "
i thought i saw a bit of a smile touch the corners of her lips before she shook her head no.
" can i at least check my messages first? "
" sure. "
she walked over to the machine and hit play as she dropped into a chair.
i walked over to the bank of windows with my hands stuffed in my pockets.
the first few messages were just business as usual, but then coming onto the end there was some guy, maybe her manager who seemed very irate that he couldn't get ahold of her.
" i thought you said you didn't have anything plan for the next little while? "
" i don't that's just carl's way, he likes to know where i am at all times. "
" hmm. "
it sounded like a bit more than that to me, but i let it got for now.
i'm a grown man, so that means when she's with me this carl person could go f**k himself, because i didn't need anyone keeping tabs on me.
there was nothing else worrying on there and she headed into her bedroom to pack after offering me a drink, which i turned down.
i just wanted out of there and back home as soon as possible.
somehow i felt easier with her in my bed, behind my walls.
she came back out with an overnight bag and dressed in a pair of her own jeans and a pullover.
i took the bag and with her hand in mine headed for the door.
monday morning i had to go in early to the office, so i eased her out of my arms and went to the shower.
she was still out by the time i was dressed and ready to go so i leaned over the bed and kissed her awake.
" hmmm. "
she sighed into my mouth as she awakened with my tongue in hers.
i ended up sitting on the side of the bed and pulling her into my lap for a longer kiss.
truth is i hated the thought of leaving her.
the last two days had been like none i 'd ever shared and we hadn't even left the house except to go to her place.
we 'd spent all day sunday lazing around in bed reading the paper, talking or making out.
i 'd already called my doctor and made the appointments adding pressure for him to rush the results which he assured me can be done.
" i 'll see you in a couple hours princess, the car will come and get you around ten thirty, okay? "
i kissed her nose when she nodded against my chest and got up to leave.
i didn't look back at her there in my bed in my old ratty tee shirt, i was sure i wouldn't want to leave her if i did.
when it was time to send the car for her i changed my plans and instead of meeting her there i went after her myself.
she was putting on her shoes when i came through the door and when she saw me standing there, f**k me if her whole face didn't light up and she made a running leap and jumped into the arms i had opened for her.
" hey beautiful, you missed me? "
she sniffed my neck and nodded before i pulled her head around for my lips to find hers.
" we 'd better go, john promised me that if we did this early he could possibly get us the results by end of day today and i'm afraid if we don't i'm gon na f**king explode. "
i pulled her down just enough for her to feel the evidence of my need.
i had no doubts that she was clean and i was sure that i was, but somehow i wanted this, wanted us to start things off on the right foot.
i ignored the little voice in my head that told me there was an ulterior motive behind my actions.
there was no way i was thinking along those lines, no way in hell.
shiane i wondered if he was always this attentive, or if as with all things new, this would change once he got what he wanted.
will he start taking advantage of me as time went on?
he was like no other man i 'd ever known, except for maybe one.
i 'd seen my dad treat my mom like a precious gem my whole life.
it's where i 'd got my dream of a prince charming.
not from any storybook, but from the way i 'd seen my dad look at mom when he thought no one else was looking.
or the way she was always looking to him when things went south.
they 'd taught me to want that bond, to hold out for that and nothing less.
trace seemed to have that in him, but i 'd been burnt once and my heart was a little gun shy.
it had only been a few weeks since it was shattered after all.
but here i was with sweaty palms and weak knees over this guy that i barely knew.
the weekend had been the best one i 'd had in a long time.
in fact i haven't felt that relaxed since the last time i 'd taken a trip home.
neither of us seemed ready for the intrusion of the world just yet.
we wanted to enjoy getting to know each other without all the speculation and other nonsense that came with stardom.
downstairs there were two men in suits who looked like they 'd never smiled a day in their lives.
" this is your security, i'm sure you have some already for business purposes, but these two are from me.
they 'll shadow everywhere when i'm not with you.
my eyes widened at that.
" is that really necessary?
i'm not that big of a star yet i don't think. "
i tried laughing it off as he introduced me to the two and pulled me out the doors behind him.
" this has nothing to do with your status, it's for my peace of mind. "
i started to wonder if this was something he 'd done for all the women in his past and why that should make me jealous.
he squeezed my hand and looked down at me.
" no, you're the first. "
" how did you know what i was thinking? "
" i told you, the weekend was about getting to know each other, i picked up a few things. "
he smirked as he helped me into the back of the town car.
i 'd told him of my fear of needles so he held my hand and talked to me while the doctor and the nurse did their thing, before having his taken care of.
it didn't take that long and soon we were back in the car.
" i'm taking you to the office for a quick tour and then it's lunch.
we 'll go somewhere that i'm sure we 'd be left alone, i'm not quite ready to share us yet. "
i rested my head on his shoulder and squeezed his hand that was still holding onto mine.
i think he must've planned this and warned everyone in the building not to give me the star treatment because i saw a lot of interested looks from his employees, but no one said anything more than a friendly hello.
it was great.
lunch was in a private room in one of the city's more upscale restaurants where there were more a list stars than i 'd ever seen in one place at once except maybe an awards show.
i was the one star-struck.
" is that...? "
" yes it is. "
i must've said that a hundred times before we were seated.
i craned my neck to see into the other room and he laughed at me.
" you're so cute.
they're looking at you and you're in awe of them. "
" i'm pretty sure they're all wondering who i am, it's you they're looking at. "
i wasn't sure i was too far off the mark, most of them were starlets and they might've given me the once over, but their attention was definitely on him.
i couldn't blame them.
what he did for a suit should be illegal.
and to think that what was underneath was even more mouth wateringly spectacular.
chapter 5 trace i sent her home in the car and went back to work, my mind on the results and how soon i can have them in my hands.
i almost called john when the hours had drifted by and still no phone call.
by the end of day when it was almost time to call it quits, the messenger showed up with the envelopes.
i had no compunction about tearing into hers and reading the results.
as soon as i got the all clear my body reacted.
" thank f**k! "
i left my office almost at a run.
my assistant called out to me as i was heading for the elevators.
" is it a matter of life or death susan? "
" uh no sir. "
" then it 'll keep until tomorrow. "
i stepped in and pressed the down button.
i would've called her and let her know i was on the way but even that was too much right now.
if i heard that sultry voice of hers on the phone i might embarrass myself again.
i was on a hair trigger, the slightest thing would set me off, and the next time i cum, i want to be inside her.
she came running when i cleared the door.
" hey you're home i made din... " i threw the envelopes on the little side table near the entry and grabbed her up in my arms.
" later. "
my mouth came down on hers as i walked us blindly towards the bedroom.
i didn't even stop kissing her long enough to take off the little summery top and shorts she wore.
" undress me. "
her hands shook a little as she went after my tie and then the buttons of my shirt while i dropped my jacket on the floor and kicked off my shoes.
she seemed fascinated with the ink on my torso, and couldn't help running her tongue over it, so i took care of my belt and the zipper on my pants before she stopped me.
" no, i wan na do it. "
i released it and left her to it.
she 'd learned my body in the last tow days, as much as i would let her.
i 'd refused to let her take my c**k in her mouth so she 'd spent what felt like hours measuring me in her hands and teasing the shit out of me while i sucked her ni**les and finger f**ked her.
now she got to her knees and removed my socks.
i watched her through half slitted eyes as she looked up at me with a mischievous twinkle in her eye, right before her tongue came out and licked the pr**cum from my cockhead.
my body jerked and my hands fell to her hair, holding her in place as she licked and nibbled her way down my shaft, biting into my c**k ring, before taking half of me into her mouth.
" fuck! "
i threw my head back as she massaged my c**k with her throat muscles and she had great control from all the voice exercises she 'd done over the years.
i was almost ready to pop when she took my balls in her hand and caressed them with the lightest touch.
" that's enough, i don't want to cum in your mouth, not this first time. "
picking her up, i headed for the bed and laid her back with her legs splayed open.
i hadn't allowed myself the pleasure of studying her pu**y ; i was waiting for this moment.
kneeling on the floor i ran my nose over her wet heat before pulling back and opening her up with my fingers.
she was pink and soft and wet.
i teased her with the tip of my tongue, before licking deep into her pu**y.
her back bowed off the bed and she looked down at me in wonder.
i got the idea from her reaction that this was a first for her.
holding her ass in my hands i lifted her to my mouth and tongue f**ked her while she mewled and writhed, her fingers digging into my scalp.
her taste was unlike anything i 'd ever savored before, salty sweet and fresh.
she came on my tongue and filled my mouth with her sweet nectar.
i had visions of eating her sweet pu**y for hours, just burying my face in her cunt until they carted me away.
my c**k wasn't on board for that one though.
i had to release one of her ass cheeks so i could squeeze him to get some relief.
" sorry baby, this is gon na be hard and rough, i can't wait any longer.
climbing up her body i pulled her up higher on the bed and holding both her hands above her head, our eyes locked, i led my dick into her wet opening.
she was tight as f**k and my c**k almost buckled.
she flinched a little when i pushed the fat head of my c**k past her pu**y lips.
" fuck babe, you're so f**king tight. "
i had to raise her legs so i could sink more of my c**k home and even then i was only able to get eight of the twelve inches inside.
she hissed and clenched around me, her eyes widening in surprise as i tried to force more of my meat into her tight as f**k pu**y.
" i 'll try to go slow. "
lifting her ass i opened her pu**y more, screwing myself into her little by little until i was all in.
it felt like hours instead of mere minutes when i was finally buried to the hilt inside her.
as soon as my balls hit the crack of her ass i took her mouth.
she fought to release her arms but i held firm.
bending my head i sucked first one then the other nipple into my mouth, biting her in my lust crazed haze.
she f**king flooded my c**k and screamed.
i f**ked in and out of her like a beast, her pu**y's tight grip driving me insane.
her legs came up and around my waist, drawing me in deeper with every thrust.
i finally released her arms so i could touch her body and she clutched at me, her nails digging into my back.
i couldn't seem to get deep enough in her, i wanted to imprint myself in her deeply, the thought moving me to lift her legs over my shoulders and bore into her.
" this is mine, no one else's ever again ; only mine. "
i pushed my tongue into her mouth, not giving her a chance to answer.
it wouldn't have mattered anyway ; it was a done f**king deal.
i felt the familiar tingle up my spine but fought off my orgasm.
i didn't want to leave her body so soon, wanted to stay enclosed in her wet heat for eternity.
when the bed started knocking into the wall behind us, and her grunts became long drawn out moans, i knew she was close again.
" cum for me baby. "
i latched onto her neck with my teeth and sucked hard, leaving my mark there before moving to the flesh right above her left nipple and doing the same.
my sweet girl squeezed my c**k between her pu**y walls and i felt the heat of her pu**y juice as she bathed my c**k once more.
" yesssssss... " her long drawn out hiss only made the fever burn hotter.
i wanted to f**k her from behind, but didn't want to leave her body long enough to change positions.
instead i teased her little rosebud with my fingertip and felt the answering tightening around my cock ; she liked that.
i used the lubrication of her juices to coat my fingers and pushed one, then two into her ass up to the first knuckle.
she almost bit off my tongue that i 'd just shoved back in her mouth.
the combination was too much for me and i roared into her mouth as i emptied my seed deep inside her.
i wasn't done there though, i ground my pelvis into hers, flexing my still shooting c**k inside her.
her response had me pulling my mouth away from hers to look down into her eyes.
her eyes were glazed over and half closed, her mouth open in a silent scream ; but it had been the electrifying shaking of her body beneath me that had caught my attention.
she was sight of wantonness as i took her in, and i wasn't surprised to feel my c**k hardening once more inside her.
" can you take me again? "
i asked the question but i knew there was no way i was stopping now.
i had three days build up to work off.
the sheets were already drenched beneath us as i bent my knees and pulled her up into my chest so we could reverse positions.
i kept my knees bent behind her back as she sat up in the cradle of my lap, mu c**k going deeper up into her.
" give me your nipple baby. "
she leaned over like she barely had the strength to do even that and i sucked her nipple in hard as i used my hands on her hips to help her f**k herself on my cock.
in the mirror across from the bed, i could see where we were joined, see the glistening length of my c**k as it slid in and out of her.
her ass incited me to madness and i bit down on her nipple even as i sped up my thrusts, pounding up into her.
she flooded my pelvis and lower stomach with more of her pu**y juice and i lost it, biting into her flesh as she rode out the storm with me.
" arggghhhh. "
i pulled her down hard one last time as my c**k spat more sperm inside her.
she fell to the side limp, her hand cupping her pu**y as her body shook with after shocks.
i was breathing like i 'd just run a marathon, but i had enough strength in me to reach over and touch her.
her body was on fire, and the way she rolled around clutching herself led me to believe i 'd hurt her.
i got off the bed after kissing her shoulder and headed into the bathroom to run her a bath when i got back into the bedroom she was just laying there looking dazed.
" is your pu**y sore? "
she blushed and buried her face in the pillow.
i grinned and picked her up and she did her kitten curl into my chest and nuzzled me.
i kissed her hair as i walked us into the bathroom.
i didn't trust myself to get into the tub with her, so instead i placed her inside and picked up the washcloth to bathe her.
she hadn't said a word since i 'd finished f**king her so and i was beginning to think she was poleaxed.
" you okay princess? "
she turned glazed eyes my way and gave me a little half smile.
" what was that? "
" what was what sweetie? "
i ran the washcloth over her tits, taking great care with her beautiful ni**les that were still semi erect, before working the cloth down her middle to her pu**y.
" that just happened in there. "
her face heated up again and i couldn't resist stealing a quick kiss.
" you weren't a virgin babe so i know you know what sex is. "
she started shaking her head before i was through speaking.
" that wasn't se trace, that was, wow, shit, wow... " she blushed and hid behind her hair.
" oh yeah? "
i grinned at her as i used the washcloth to rub against her clit.
she arched her back, pushing her cunt into my hand.
i could actually feel her heat beneath the cloth as i cupped her pu**y mound.
i dropped the cloth in the water and teased her swollen clit with my fingers while sucking her tongue into my mouth.
so much for giving her a break!
water went all over the floor as i lifted her from the tub.
my c**k was at full staff and leading the ay as i cradled her in my arms and took her back to the bed.
i walked around to the other side since that one was wet.
thank f**k for king sized beds.
again i didn't want to give up her mouth or her tits to f**k her doggie style so i took her down to the mattress with my body covering hers.
reaching my hand between us, i used my c**k to rub up and down her slit, hitting her clit with each upward stroke and rubbing the sensitive underside of my c**k against her wet heat until i slipped into her in my last downward stroke.
" ohh... " her soft sigh broke the silence as i started f**king in and out of her, slowly this time.
i told myself that i would go slow if it killed me, that i wouldn't hurt her.
it was tough but i held on.
with my face buried in her neck, i rode her nice and slow as she lifted up to meet my thrusts over and over again.
i alternated between deep stroking into her and grinding my c**k into her belly.
her legs opened wider and i slipped even deeper into her.
it was a long time before i felt the familiar stirrings in my nuts again.
her mouth was red and swollen from me eating at her lips and her neck was a mess from the five or six hickeys i 'd given her.
looking down at her my heart jumped in my chest with all the things i imagined doing to her.
the last thought had me speeding up as i started pounding into her.
" you're not on birth control. "
i bit her ear after reminding her of that fact but there was more yet to come.
" you're ovulating. "
it's amazing what they can find in those medical tests these days.
her breath caught as though she 'd just thought of it, but even more telling was the way her cunt tightened around my shaft.
i roared out loud as i shot a heavy load inside her, my last thought being that i 'd lost my f**king mind.
one look, it had taken one look at her to take me over.
how was that even possible?
for a man like me it wasn't even worth thinking on.
i would never have believed in a million years that something like this could ever happen to someone like me.
cynical, don't give a f**k and a beast in the boardroom ; love and marriage was nowhere on my horizon ; until three nights ago when i 'd looked into her eyes across a stage.
i stayed buried inside her as we came down so it was a minute or two before i realized that she was out.
pulling out of her body, i drew her into my arms as i fell to my side beside her.
the cool air of the ac dried my nuts as i pulled the sheet up over us and dropped into sleep.
we awakened a short time later and took a shower to clean up and then had to take another after i violated her up against the shower stall.
i hadn't planned to, but seeing her with water dripping down between her amazing tits and pebbled on her ni**les, it was pretty hard to resist.
i was careful as i lifted her with her back to the stall and surged up into her, dropping her down on my length.
it had been years since i 'd f**ked anyone that long and that often, in fact i don't think i 'd ever gone four times before and i still wasn't done.
it was as if each time only whetted my appetite for more.
and the way she responded to me, accepting and ready each time i took her.
" if you want to get any rest tonight and maybe wan na walk anytime soon, you 'd better stop me. "
i whispered in her ear as i nibbled my way down to her neck and back.
my c**k was still hard inside her and i 'd just off loaded in her for the fourth time.
her legs were still clasped around my hips as i kept her pinned against the shower.
her answer was to pull my lips over to hers and smash her tits into my chest.
as the water beat down on us, i took her down to the hard floor and started f**king her again.
" this is f**king insane. "
was it because i 'd slept with her in my arms for three whole nights and not taken her?
i couldn't think of a reason for this hunger that wouldn't be assuaged.
the more i had her the more i wanted, but if we kept this shit up she 'd spend the next three weeks bed ridden.
already i had noticed the red puffiness to her labia and heard the slight sounds of discomfort she made even as she spurred me on to f**k her.
i was sure i was killing her against the marble floor, the grunts and groans she made were becoming almost animalistic, but she threw her hips up at me taking my c**k like a pro as i did my best to nail her into her ground beneath us.
this time when i came the roar was more like a grunt as i shook and thrust into her until i was dry.
" that's it, we're getting out of here, please try to keep your greedy hands to yourself shiane, my poor man's body can only take so much. "
she threw herself into my arms and howled with laughter and i felt my heart give a little more.
we finally made it out of the bathroom and both just threw on robes as we headed down to the kitchen.
" did you say you made dinner? "
" yep. "
she went to the pots and pans on the stove and i lifted my brow quizzically.
i guess i was guilty of stereo typing after all, i hadn't expected the little pop sensation to know her way around the kitchen.
she 'd made a dinner of grilled lamb chops of all things, with rice pilaf and creamed green peas.
" i hope i didn't spoil it. "
yeah right.
" nope, the lamb wasn't grilled yet, it's still sitting in the marinade it 'll take five minutes to cook and the rest of the stuff can be reheated no problem.
you just sit and i 'll take care of everything, " " yes ma'am. "
i opened a bottle of wine and poured her a glass, taking one for myself as i sat at the island and watched her flit around my kitchen.
she seemed, happy.
it was strange to look at this almost stranger and realize that already i 'd come to know her so well.
did she even realize that she 'd started signing?
she hadn't done that since she 'd been here.
i would've thought that she spent every waking moment singing, but this was the first time since i 'd brought her home that i 'd heard her so much as hum.
it wasn't the song from the other night, this one was slow and dreamy, with a catchy little lilt to it that made me want to strain to hear the words since she was singing so low.
" sing louder princess i wan na hear you. "
she turned wide eyes to me and looked down at her feet.
" i'm not really good at that. "
" come again. "
" i mean i've learned how to control my fear somewhat before i go out on stage, but i can't really sing in front of anyone just like that. "
" so how do you do it? "
'my manager gives me these pills... " i didn't like the sounds of that one bit.
" what kind of pills? "
i lowered my glass and looked at her.
" it's nothing bad, just something to calm my anxiety. "
" is there a prescription? "
" no nothing like that, i never even asked him where he gets them... " " do you have them with you now? "
" no why? "
she looked at me quizzically. "
" i 'll just like to have a look at them that's all, make sure they're okay. "
" oh i'm sure they're fine doug would never do anything to hurt me. "
" so you have the pills back at your place? "
" no, doug keeps them with him, he gives me one before each performance or sometimes when i have to go on one of those talk shows.
looks like i was gon na have to have a talk with her manager.
she was so f**king green, i was sure it would never cross her mind to question anything the man did.
though i didn't know him personally, i'm a businessman and i know all about the bottom line.
her voice is like liquid gold, i'm sure dear old doug would do anything to see that nothing got in the way of her making them money.
that was something else i was gon na have to look into as well.
when i 'd made the decision to own her, everything that she is became my responsibility.
there might be some friction because i've noticed that she has a bit of an independent streak, but i had no intentions on letting that stop me.
though i 'd save it for another time, nothing was going to mar the night for us.
" voila, dinner is ready. "
she seemed nervous as she served me, and then herself.
i closed my eyes with the first taste of the succulent lamb.
" wow, where did you learn to cook like this? "
" my mom taught me and i love watching the cooking channel, you really like it? "
i took another bite and it was good as the first.
nodding my head i leaned over and pecked her lips.
" it's amazing princess, wow. "
i kept the conversation light over dinner, asking her more about life on tour and what she enjoyed most about her fame.
as far as i could tell she was more interested in the singing than anything else.
" um, trace, you weren't serious about that ovulating thing were you? "
i 'd almost forgotten about that, still wasn't quite sure what had possessed me to think of it much less say it.
but now that she 'd asked me outright... " as a matter of fact i am.
it's crazy i know, and if one of my colleagues had come to me with this story i would tell him he's crazy.
i have no explanation for it, the reality is that from the moment i saw you up on that stage something inside me shifted. "
" i find myself reverting back to childhood, to a time when i had to scrounge for every scrap i wanted or needed.
when i became successful, i promised myself that i 'd never go hungry again, and not just for food, but for any of those things i 'd longed for as a child, or anything my heart may desire as an adult. "
" you're the first thing my heart's ever desired.
i've known wants before don't get me wrong, but this, this is different.
this goes beyond my own comprehension.
like i told you before, this past weekend was about getting to know each other and i've gotten to know you.
you wouldn't have come home with me had you not felt some of what i was feeling.
i also know that you're more about hearth and home than the night life. "
i didn't tell her that i knew that's why she 'd stayed with the ass**le who 'd ended up cheating on her.
i 'd done some research after she was less than forthcoming about the reason for their split.
it wasn't a known fact as yet but i had my ways of finding out things.
i won't tell her that i knew though ; it was her story to tell if and when she was ready.
i did know that if i ever ran into the little prick, i was gon na beat the crap out of him for putting his hands on her though.
it didn't matter that i didn't even know her when it happened, it's just the way i am, or at least it's the way i seem to be where she's concerned.
" but a baby?
we hardly even know each other. "
" i don't think that whatever is going on here has anything to do with time and convention.
either way, it's nothing to worry about now.
what's done is done, and if it isn't, i'm gon na make damn sure that it is.
the only problem is your upcoming tour, but i'm sure people have performed while pregnant before. "
" do you know how crazy this all sounds? "
i shrugged my shoulders at her.
i thought it was crazy too in the beginning so i couldn't fault her for having her own doubts.
it was crazy when you looked at it, but it's what i felt and well... " i'm sure there have been people who got married after only one day of meeting or maybe two.
i'm even more sure that there are people who get pregnant after just one meeting.
look at this way ; at least we both know where we stand.
if the last few hours are anything to go by, we want each other more than a little bit and the bottom line is princess.
i want you, in my life, with me, no matter what.
so baby or no baby, you've met your future, so i suggest you get used to the idea. "
" what if i had other plans? "
" like i said, i've gotten to know you, and all that aside, this is what i want baby.
as time goes on you 'll find that i never let anything stand in my way, nothing and no one.
dinner was delicious why don't you go find us something to watch while i clean up? "
chapter 6 shiane i guess the conversation was over and what a strange one at that.
i headed out of the kitchen on wobbly legs for the tv room to find something to watch, though i really didn't have much interest.
my mind was awhirl with all the new things that were going on in my life.
in the space of a few short days, it seems my life had been turned upside down.
i find myself doing things that were totally outside the box for me.
but this latest was a lot to take in, though the thought of it made me hot.
trace was right.
i've always only ever wanted to be a mother and a wife.
i 'd thought i would have that life with donnie, but was it possible to have it with this man that i 'd only just met?
what if he was just saying these things because like he 'd said, he 'd come to know me and knew that's just what i wanted to hear?
how was it possible that he could want me like that after a chance meeting?
i 'd spent some time today looking for any and everything i could find about him on the net.
the one thing that stood out except for his success as a businessman, was the fact that he had a different woman every couple of months.
had he used this same line on them?
somehow, he didn't strike me as the type.
still, i had another worry.
the things he 'd made me feel.
how will i live without them if this was all just a game to him?
he 'd made me feel things i never knew were in me.
my body has never reacted this way before, and even though his size was a little uncomfortable, the pain was more a pleasure-pain than a real hurt.
i felt myself creaming just thinking about it.
could a man really make love to a woman that much without some kind of feeling involved?
what if it was just lust?
i 'd seen pictures of some of the women he 'd dated in the past and i have to say some of them were drop dead gorgeous, including the last one he 'd been seen with a couple weeks ago.
the though caused me a moment's doubt and i thought if ways to shield my heart this time, but i was afraid i might be too late.
he 'd taken me over completely, something i had no experience with.
i hadn't the faintest idea how to handle a man like trace mckenzie.
he was way out of my league.
i heard him coming and searched through the stack of movies he had for something to watch.
" what's wrong? "
he came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me from behind.
" what makes you think something's wrong? "
i looked over my shoulder at him trying to put a brave face on.
" i wasn't sure when i first came in but now i'm certain it's all over your face. "
he pulled me towards the couch and down on his lap with his arms holding me close.
for some reason i wanted to cry ; he's been so kind and attentive in the time that we 'd been together, what if it were all a farce?
i had no idea that i 'd started to cry until i felt his fingers wiping my cheeks dry.
" tell me what's bothering you sweetheart. "
i could only shake my head and cry harder as i buried my face in his chest.
" please don't play games with me trace, i can't stand it if you're just using me for some sick game... " i broke off when he lifted my face to his.
" baby!
i forgot you don't know that much about men, only that boy you were messing around with.
let me show you something. "
he stood up and took my hand in his, leading me out of the room and into the bedroom.
standing me in front of the floor-length standing mirror, he removed my robe, dropping it to the floor, as i stood before him naked.
" you see those marks all over your neck and tits?
do you know what those are called? "
" hickeys? "
" that's one word for it, they're also known as passion marks.
i've never given one to a woman before.
not since i learned what they meant as a young man.
they may mean different things to different people.
to me, they are a mark of ownership. "
" that's my mark on you.
i put it there as a statement to you and anyone else who might see them, the ones on your neck anyway, anyone else sees the others, i 'll heat up your little ass. "
his hand dropped to one in particular spot that was right at the tip of my pu**y.
" another thing, i don't think a man that's not really interested in a woman can f**k her five times if he didn't really mean it. "
" five? "
i started counting on my fingers and got to four before i was being carted off to the bed.
i looked up into his eyes as he laid me back and spread my legs before dropping his robe.
his c**k was hard and red, with a string of pr**cum hanging from the end heading for the floor.
trace i knew she had to be sore, but she also seemed to need reassuring and for now this was the best i could do.
only time will convince her that this was the real deal.
fuck i was just as confused as she was, but unlike her, i wasn't about to let doubts get in the way of what i wanted.
taking her soreness into consideration, i dropped to my knees between her spread thighs and opened her pu**y lips gently with my fingers.
she was a little red and puffy from too much f**king, but she was also getting wet.
i licked her clit with the tip of my tongue, staying away from her pu**y slit for now.
" ooh... " i love how f**king responsive she is, the way she lights up as soon as i put my hands on her.
i licked and sucked her clit until her juices started coming fast and furious.
then i dipped my tongue into her pu**y, going slow so i could soothe the ache in her overused cunt.
she gripped my hair and mashed her pu**y into my mouth before she filled my mouth with pu**y juice.
when she came down from her climax i helped her up from the bed and folding her in my arms kissed her long and deep, sharing her taste with her.
we tongue f**ked each others'mouths like starving wolves and my c**k was poking into her navel as she rubbed herself against me.
" suck me off baby. "
she slid down to her knees and studied my c**k before sticking out her tongue and licking the pr**cum from my cockhead.
she's an enigma, all shy and blushing one minute and my little vixen the next.
i had a moment of jealousy at the thought that she 'd done this with that ass**le but let it go for now.
i'm a very territorial f**ker, i knew i had to live with the fact that he 'd had her but i needed to erase him from her memory.
she licked along my shaft before sucking the fat head of my c**k into her mouth and sliding her mouth down my length until she 'd taken me in as deeply as she could.
i fisted her hair and waited until i was in her throat before i started thrusting in and out of her mouth, going slow at first, until i picked up the pace.
pretty soon i was face f**king her and she was moaning around me cock.
i looked down past her eyes that were staring up at me and saw that she had her fingers stuffed in her pu**y. i almost shot my load then and there.
she did some kinda muscle spasm around my c**k and my toes curled.
i pulled back so that i was no longer in her throat but on her tongue.
i didn't warn her that i was about to cum, why would i?
she was going to swallow unless i said otherwise, and the only time i 'll do that is when i was in the mood to paint her face, her tits or the small of her back.
she almost gagged on the first volley.
" easy, breathe princess. "
she soon got the hang of it and was swallowing fast enough in time to catch the next load.
when my balls were empty and my knees were almost too weak to stand i helped her to her feet and took her to the bed.
" forget the movie baby, you need me to hold you. "
i laid down behind her with her much tinier frame completely covered by my arms and legs, cocooning her as i whispered in her ear.
" everything's going to be okay princess, i promise.
if you've learned anything about me so far, you should know i'm not a man that plays games.
" but you've had girlfriends before ; did you feel the same way with them? "
her voice had gone all soft there at the end and i felt her body tense as if expecting a blow.
" let me ask you this ; do you feel the same with me as you did with him? "
now it was my turn to tense up as i awaited her answer.
when it came, it went a long way of easing the green-eyed beast that had been trying its best to rear its ugly head.
" no, i've never... but it's not the same.
you've had so much more experience and i'm sure i don't measure up to some of them. "
" that's where you're wrong sweetheart, first of all none of them ever came close and besides its about more than the physical.
sometimes in life you find that one being that you can't live without, you may have sampled a lot along the way, but when you found the one, it's a whole new ballgame. "
" tell me, what did you feel that night when our eyes meet? "
she turned around in my arms and looked up into my eyes.
" it was like being struck by lightning, or at least what i imagine that would feel like.
i felt a jolt to my system and i think i forgot how to breathe for a minute.
i almost panicked because for a split second i forgot the words to the song. "
" there you see?
have you ever felt that before with anyone? "
she shook her head and bit her lip.
i could see the soft sheen of tears in her eyes and pulled her close to kiss her forehead.
" it was pretty much the same with me baby ; so the next time you start doubting what we have, just remember those few minutes.
now go to sleep, you've had a long day. "
i turned her back around intending to go to sleep, but by now my c**k was raging again.
" lift your leg baby. "
she lifted her top leg and i scooted down far enough to line up my c**k with her pu**y. i slid in and held still pulling her back firmly against my front.
" i'm not going to f**k you again tonight, we 'll just stay like this until you fall asleep, you need your man to stay inside you to keep the doubts away. "
i was suddenly very tired, and it wasn't long before i fell asleep to the sound of her breathing evenly in sleep.
in the morning, i awakened to her pushing her ass back against me with my c**k still lodged inside her.
with my hand on her hip, i controlled the pace.
" can you take me hard or do you need me to go slow baby? "
i nipped her ear as she flooded my cock.
" harder, please harder. "
" please what harder? "
she didn't answer so i reached around and pinched her nipple.
" tell me or i 'll stop. "
i held still and she tried to f**k herself on my cock.
i pulled back as if i was going to leave her body.
" noooo, please, harder... fuck me harder. "
fuck, i think that shit backfired on my ass, because her sweet voice saying those words triggered something inside me.
leaning up on my elbow i reached my hand around and fingered her clit.
" put your arm behind my neck. "
she complied with my order and i bent my head to her nipple.
she screamed and went off like a rocket from the dual pleasure, or was it triple?
i f**ked into her hard as i played with her clit and sucked her nipple.
i imagined my son or daughter nursing at her bountiful tits some day soon and the next time her pu**y clenched around me, i shot off inside her.
it was harder than i imagined it would be to leave her the next day.
chapter 7 for the next three weeks, we stayed hidden away in our lover's paradise.
each day, i went off to work and left her home.
and each night, i came home and after dinner, f**ked her into the wee hours of the morning.
when it was time for her to go back to work, i thought i would lose my f**king mind.
i didn't want to share her with anyone.
i knew it was selfish ; she had a life, a career that she loved.
" i want you to move in here with me. "
she didn't seem too certain, still fighting those doubts i guess.
" scratch that, i 'll send a service over to help you pack up, but when i get home this evening your little ass better be here. "
i left before she could give me an argument.
i was pissed off the whole day and didn't know why.
in the last three weeks, i could pick up the phone and call her whenever i wanted.
now she was busy doing her thing.
i didn't like it one f**king bit.
when had i become this person?
i knew that what i felt for this girl was more than i 'd ever felt before, but still, this overpowering need to possess her completely, to dominate her life, was new to me.
her upcoming show was out of town and i wouldn't be able to make it because of the timing.
i was going to be without her for two weeks while she travelled outside the country for a eight night show.
she 'd been going to the studio to rehearse the last couple of days coming onto the end of our time together, but she 'd been there in the evenings.
she never said what if anything her handlers had said about the arrangement, but that could be because i 'd let her know one day when she tried to broach the subject that i really didn't give a f**k. i heard her as soon as i cleared the door that evening.
good, that meant i didn't have to hunt her down and drag her ass back home.
i 'd half expected her to disobey my order to be here when i got home.
there were boxes in the living room and i breathed a little easier.
looks like i was getting my way after all.
" hey! "
she was in the kitchen when i walked up on her.
she hadn't heard me because she had earphones on.
pulling them out, she looked up at me with her little shy smile.
i knew she was fretting again about where we were going.
i imagine moving in here with me was a big step for her.
she 'd never lived with a man before, and i had to keep reminding myself that she was young yet.
" did everything go okay with the move today? "
" yeah, i still have some stuff to bring over and some will have to go into storage. "
" did they give you any trouble with the lease? "
" uh about that... i'm not sure that i wan na give up the place just yet. "
i just looked at her not saying anything.
" when i asked you to move in here, did you think i meant for a few weeks or something? "
" no, i don't know. "
" take care of the lease shiane.
or i will.
don't forget, i'm a businessman.
it makes no sense whatsoever for you to keep that place and pay the exorbitant rent for an empty apartment.
i understand that you still have doubts and fears, but i'm not about to let them get in the way of things.
i've spent the last three weeks trying to show you, but apparently that wasn't enough so you're just gon na have to decide if you want to take a chance at happiness or not.
a word to the wise : i won't pay for someone else's short- comings.
so if that's what this is about, you can kill that shit right f**king now. "
it seemed like we were about to have our first real argument there for a minute, but then she backed down.
she needed me to take charge and i had no problem with that.
she 'd gone from under her parents'care, straight to this manager's handling, so basically, she's been told what to do her whole life.
some people rebel against that, but with shiane, it was quite the opposite.
she needed it.
she left two days later for europe and i spent the time gathering as much information as i could on her manager and the other people around her.
i didn't like that pill deal she 'd told me about, and from some of the things she 'd said, i wasn't too sure that her best interest was being taken care of.
as her man, it was up to me to see that no one was taking advantage of her.
and though our relationship had been spared the spotlight thus far, it was only a matter of time before word leaked out.
and how would it look for wall street's whiz kid to be letting others take advantage of his woman?
we talked every night after her show no matter what time it was, that was a stipulation that i 'd made before she left.
she could get away during the day because i knew she was busy with rehearsals, but at night i needed to know that she was safe.
we did facetime until she fell asleep ; each night, i could see that my baby was exhausted but she seemed to be having fun.
there was a lot of buzz in the headlines about her shows but i didn't listen or read any of it.
that was until two days before she was due back.
my assistant was reading one of those crappy magazines that were filled with half-truths and innuendo.
that's how i 'd always seen them until i saw my woman walking out of some restaurant in italy with her ex.
i didn't want to fly off the handle ; the caption said the picture had been snapped the night before which had to mean it was before we 'd spoken and she hadn't mentioned it to me.
my first instinct was to get on a plane and got drag her ass home after dealing with both of them, but common sense and rationality won out.
i couldn't go half way around the world to kill her.
no, i 'll wait 'til she gets back and strangle her ass in the privacy of our own home.
that night when she called, she still didn't mention it and i played like nothing was wrong.
there was something in her voice but i wasn't quite sure what it was.
" so you've got your final show tomorrow night yes? "
" yes, and then i 'll be home. "
" i 'll be waiting. "
the next night when she called, i didn't answer.
i 'd spent the whole day in a contained rage and had pretty much locked myself away in my office.
i 'd come to terms with the fact that i didn't believe for a second that she 'd cheated on me, but whatever reason she had for being with him was not good enough.
and the fact that she hadn't mentioned it to me, only infuriated me more.
she was home when i got in the next day.
when she ran to me and jumped into my arms i held her close but didn't kiss her.
she knew something was wrong and her eyes followed me across the room.
" is something wrong? "
" is there something you want to tell me shiane? "
she looked at me at sea.
i pulled out the magazine i 'd had hidden in the drawer of the little side table and threw it at her.
her eyes widened when she saw it and she looked up at me with fear in her eyes.
" it's not what it looks like.
i can explain. "
i walked away from her and into the bedroom to remove my jacket and tie where she followed me a few seconds later.
" trace... " " were you the one that was afraid of me cheating on you? "
she 'd never seen me this way before, so she had no way of knowing that the precise movements and contained tone was a sure sign that her ass was in trouble.
" but i didn't cheat, he was on tour because we have a few duets together and... " " and you didn't tell me this because... " " i didn't want to cause any problems. "
she looked down at the floor and rung her hands.
" and the restaurant? "
" everyone was there that night. "
" did you talk to him? "
" i... " i saw the answer in the guilty look in her eyes.
" take off your clothes. "
" what? "
" now. "
she jumped and reached for the buttons on her shirt.
i was naked by now and walked around to my closet.
i came back out with my leather strap and she took one look at it and tried to make a run for it.
" you don't really want to make this any worst than it already is do you? "
that stopped her in her tracks but she was still halfway out of the room.
" come here... don't make me have to tell you again shiane. "
i almost caved when she turned big tear filled eyes my way.
she took a deep breath to fortify herself and then walked slowly towards me with her head down.
i didn't turn her over my knee.
i was too angry for that.
instead, i brought the belt down across her ass and thighs as she hopped from foot to foot pleading with me to stop.
" please trace nothing happened. "
" i don't want to hear it, you had your chance to tell me this shit before you left here. "
i gave her a good twenty hard blows with the belt until she was a crying slobbering mess.
still not satisfied i left her there crying and walked out of the room.
i went for a long drive to cool down but by the time i got back, i was still no better than when i left.
she was in the middle of our bed with her arm locked around her bent knees rocking back and forth.
we looked at each other but i still wasn't ready to talk to her.
i felt betrayed ; it was a new feeling for me.
it had been a long time since anyone had had the guts to cross me.
i headed into the shower in the hopes that the water would help to soothe my ragged nerves but no luck.
she was wearing my old tee shirt, which she 'd taken with her when she 'd left.
" lose the shirt. "
she hurried to comply though i noticed her eyes fell to my hands to make sure she wasn't about to get another whipping.
i climbed onto the bed and turned her around roughly.
in the three weeks we 'd bee together, as hard as i 'd been f**king her, i 'd always held something back, but not tonight, tonight i was going to give her the f**king i've been dying to but didn't because her little pu**y was still having trouble taking my cock.
i didn't take the time to prepare her, this was a punishment after all, i planned to use her body tonight for my own pleasure until i 'd freed myself of this burning rage.
i had her bent over in the middle of the bed, her legs spread, head down and her pu**y in the air.
licking my fingers i ran them roughly over her pu**y, dipping my middle finger into her wet heat before straddling her from behind.
i didn't knee behind her, that wouldn't achieve my aim.
i stood with my legs on either side of hers, slightly bent.
from this angle i could drill down into her.
i'm sure it would be a little harder for her to take me in this position but i really could give a f**k at this point.
i ran my c**k ring up and down her slit until she started to get wet, then i slammed into her only giving her about half my length.
she screamed into the mattress and her body shook but i didn't stop pounding until i was balls deep in her upturned pu**y.
grabbing a fistful of her hair, i pulled her head back until i could see down into her eyes.
i saw pain, but there was lust there as well as i battered her pu**y with my cock.
when i felt her clenching, i pulled out and left her panting.
she looked over her shoulder at me but she didn't have the nerve to say anything to me.
when i was sure she wasn't about to cum, i screwed my c**k back into her, pulling her ass up higher to keep her at the angle i wanted.
i kept pulling out to tease her with the piercing in the end of my c**k because i knew how much she loved that, but not giving her enough to get her off.
the hoarse cries told me that i was hurting her, even as her pu**y got wetter and wetter.
" please trace. "
" not another f**king word. "
i tugged on her hair for emphasis and she bit her lip.
she couldn't hide the f**k me noises that seemed to come from her gut, and her pu**y was on fire.
i love those noises she made as i f**ked into her my c**k ring was hitting her just right and she started pushing back trying to get more of my twelve inches inside her.
as pissed as i was i held off though, because i knew her tight little pu**y couldn't handle too much in this position, not so soon, it was going to take lots of f**king before that could happen without me tearing her.
i pulled out and licked into her pu**y, going deep, she screamed and came in my mouth before i climbed back onto my feet and fed her eight inches of my meat.
that's as deep as i could go before bottoming out inside her with her ass high in the air.
" as soon as i've broken in your tight little pu**y, i'm going to ass f**k you. "
she clenched around me and came again.
i wasn't anywhere near cumming so i settled in for a nice long f**k. her body was still shaking and her cries were dying down to low moans.
she tried getting her hand under her to touch her sore pu**y but a hard smack on her ass stopped her in her tracks.
" don't do it. "
finally, i lowered her ass just a little and dropped to my knees behind her and the movement sent me all the way into her.
it triggered another one of her magnificent climaxes and she squeezed my c**k like a vise.
i bit into the flesh of her back to her neck before pulling her head back and to the side for my tongue.
" i love you trace. "
that stopped me mid stroke, the shock of it, but that didn't last too long.
" i love you too, but this isn't about that.
you f**ked up.
i'm pissed as f**k at you. "
i brought her off three more times until i felt my balls draw up to my body in preparation to blast.
" you don't deserve my seed. "
i pulled out and pushed her away from me.
she turned around in time to watch me jerk my seed into the sheets.
her cry of dismay cut through the air as i climbed off the bed and headed to the shower.
i was only in there two minutes when i felt her come in and stand in front of me.
i kept my head back and eyes closed as i ran the cloth over my chest.
" trace, i'm so sorry.
i wasn't thinking.
i won't do it again.
i promise. "
she was crying as her hands came up to touch me tentatively.
i finished my shower without saying a word to her and walked away.
i stripped the bed after drying myself off and putting on a pair of boxers.
she was coming out of the shower by the time i was finished remaking the bed she looked at me as i passed her and left the room.
in the kitchen, i ignored the dinner she 'd made and made myself a sandwich before shutting myself away in my private office.
it was hours before i felt human again.
i 'd called the detail i 'd had following her unbeknownst to her and got the same story from them.
that eased my anger some but there was still the issue of why she didn't tell me that her ex was going to be on this trip.
from what they 'd said, he 'd been hounding her the whole time she was there but she 'd seemed disinterested.
like i said, i never thought she 'd cheated on me with him ; i still didn't want her having anything at all to do with him.
along with that, the reports on her manager weren't looking too good.
it was just as i 'd suspected, he was using the young girl for his own gains.
she had been robbed of a good three million dollars in the two years she 'd been signed.
money from different venues that i'm sure she wasn't even aware of.
she wasn't hurting for money, not by a long shot, but still it wasn't for him or anyone else to rip her off.
before i confronted him though, i was still waiting for the results of the in depth investigation of everyone that had anything to do with her career.
she was curled into a ball on my side of the bed when i finally upstairs hours later.
i stood over her for the longest time until i felt my heart settle.
i wouldn't have chosen a moment of anger in which to tell her that i loved her, but she 'd chosen the time and place.
now it was out there, i 'd shown her my heart, as well as giving it to her.
we could never go back now, from here on out we were one and for me that meant a whole lot of shit.
she 'd only gotten a taste of the man tonight, if she f**ked up in the future it could be worst.
turning away, i walked to my side and climbed in with my back to her.
she must've gravitated to me in her sleep, because i woke before the sun the next day to find her curled into my back.
lifting my arm, i turned and pulled her into my arms.
she was barely awake when i turned her to her back and slipped into her wet heat.
she clutched at me in her sleep before she came fully awake.
" trace... " her voice was that of a little girl lost.
" shh, it's okay i'm here. "
i pushed her hair back so i could look into her eyes as i stroked my c**k in and out of her.
" wrap your legs around me princess. "
she lifted her legs around my waist pulling me in deeper.
i never took my eyes off of hers ; i wanted to see what was there, what words could never say because there weren't enough.
when i came i captured her lips with mine and accepted her moans into my lungs as she gave me her sweet nectar.
" i love you. "
she tightened around me and cried out at my admission.
chapter 8 things settled down somewhat after that and we lived a life of peaceful bliss for the next month and a half.
i took her away on my jet for long weekends.
we played, we laughed we enjoyed each other and the more time went by, the more in love with her i became.
i no longer questioned the strangeness of our meeting, or why it had been so easy for me to make the decisions i had after so many years of living and thinking one way.
she was my beautiful girl, the owner of my heart.
her career was doing extremely well, her records were going platinum all over the place and she was in high demand.
she had another local show coming up this weekend.
this time i was ready when she approached my hesitantly to let me know that her ex was going to be performing at the show.
i had had time to prepare myself since i 'd already gotten a line-up of what was in store for that night.
i've been following her career since the day we met and now i have all the information i needed to send her manager and a couple lawyers to jail.
i haven't told her what i 'd found as yet.
didn't want to upset her this close to her performance and i 'd only just got the last of the result.
it had taken this long because the lawyers had been very slick with their thievery.
too bad for them i know how to follow the money trail, all i need is the scent.
i planned to tell her this weekend after the show though and i already had my lawyers on standby to take care of shit.
shiane trace has been so unbelievably amazing in the last month or so.
it's like everyday he goes out of his way to relieve my fears.
maybe it's because we were able to keep our romance out of the public eye, but i was having more fun being in love with him than i 'd ever thought possible.
i decided to take a page out of his book and try to really get to know him.
i 'd watch him when he wasn't looking, and paid attention to the little things, like how he shielded my body with his whenever we were going somewhere.
how he always seemed to have to touch me whenever we were together no matter where we were ; or the way he 'd run his hand through my hair absentmindedly while we sat together watching a movie.
i especially loved the way he made love to me.
ever since that night when he 'd punished me, which now when i think back on it was hot as hell ; he's been this super boyfriend though it seems kinda weird thinking of him in that way, he's so much more than a boy.
i 'd told my family about him and dad and him had had a few private conversations over the last few weeks that i wasn't privy to, but my family seemed to love and accept him even with the age difference.
now i have a show coming up tonight and i'm more nervous than usual.
not because of the show itself, no, trace had taken care of that as ell.
he 'd found this lady that specialized in curing people like me.
she just put me through this series of exercises that helped to calm me down before each appearance.
it was an ongoing process but so far it seemed to be working.
i no longer had that sick fear of bombing on stage.
no tonight's fear stemmed from the fact that donnie was there and i knew form our last one sided conversation that he was going to try to get back with me again.
because trace and i had been able to keep our relationship hidden, he along most of the known world were under the impression that i was still pining for him.
then there were the rumors of us sneaking around together.
one tabloid had gone so far as to print that very suggestion.
i thought trace would lose his mind.
he 'd gone on a tear even going so far as to call up someone to handle the retraction and fire the person responsible.
i guess it wasn't just the speculation that had sent him over the edge, but the fact that there was a photo shopped picture from the year before of me and donnie, only this one was made to look like it was more recent and well, let's just say it didn't sit well with trace to see his woman as he put it, lip locked with some other dick.
apparently whatever he 'd done had worked because the following week there had been a retraction and an apology.
will wonders never cease?
of course now we were down to crunch time.
he 'd said that he was fine with the whole show deal but as the time drew nearer i could see that tic in his jaw working overtime.
all i could do was hope for the best.
" shiane baby come in here. "
trace her show was in a couple hours and she 'd have to leave soon for prep.
i 'd made peace with the fact that she was going to be sharing the stage with the ass**le ex for part of tonight's show.
although i 'd told her that i was fine, the truth is that i'm not the kind of man who could ever be okay with such a thing, but the contracts had been signed long before i came on the scene and it was her career.
i was going to make sure that this was the last time though.
after this series of engagements were over, there will never be another occasion when she would be allowed even in the same room as the prick.
she came into room already dressed to leave.
i didn't say anything to her as i pulled her into my arms and fed her my tongue.
my hand went down to her pu**y and she opened her legs to give me easier access.
i rubbed her through her clothes as her breathing sped up and she smashed her tits into my naked chest.
wordlessly i started to strip her clothes away as my c**k grew and pr**cum started leaking from my tip.
i had her spread out on the bed with my head between her thighs as i ate her pu**y, making sure to sink my tongue as deep as i could as i fingered her ass.
over the past weeks i've been preparing her ass for my cock.
she moaned and pushed her pu**y harder against my mouth.
her juices ran down to the crack of her ass lubricating her nicely.
standing from between her legs where her pink pu**y was on full display with her juices glistening and calling to me, i helped her onto her hands and knees in the middle of the bed.
i teased her pu**y slit with my c**k head until pushed her ass up higher and begged me to f**k her.
" please trace. "
i slapped her ass once hard and she looked over her shoulder at me.
her eyes were already glazed over and i knew she was already far-gone.
" please what? "
" fuck me, f**k my pu**y hard. "
yes, that's something else i 'd taught her, to be less inhibited in bed.
at first her shyness ruled her, but i soon had her saying and doing anything she loved.
i 'd explained to her that since i was the only sexual partner she 'd ever have for the rest of her life, who better to know what pleased her?
and how will i know if she didn't tell me?
that had opened up a whole new world to her, and i 'd learned a lot about my princess.
she had a bit of the submissive in her, she liked for her man to take charge, not just in the bedroom either.
it was perfect since i'm a controlling bastard and make no bones about it.
i teased her pu**y some more before sinking my c**k all the way home.
she arched her back and came like she always does as soon as i enter her.
she says it's because i hit her cervix each time and it triggers her.
i f**ked into her nice and slow, using my hand in her hair and the other on her hip to control her movements.
looking down between us i enjoyed the sight of my c**k covered in her pu**y cream as it went in and out of her.
" your pu**y's still so tight baby, f**k. " she lowered her head to the mattress which sent her ass even higher into the air and had my c**k going in deeper and at a different angle.
getting to my feet, i released her hair so i could hold both her hips and pull her back hard on my c**k as her pu**y opened and closed around my cock.
i could see where my c**k was bulging out around the lips of her pu**y, the way they pulled out when i came out and folded in when i f**ked back in.
i knew she still couldn't too much of a pounding in this position so it was slow going until she juiced all over my cock.
i didn't want to cum in her pu**y just yet though i had other plans for tonight.
pulling out after she 'd come down, i licked her pu**y deep while using my fingers to rub our mixed juices into her tight ass**le.
she flinched and moaned as she pushed back against my fingers trying to get me to go deeper.
i probably should've used a little sex toy on her ass to prepare her for my twelve inch cock, but i didn't want even a fake dick anywhere near her.
reaching off to the side i got the lube and oiled up my cock.
she looked over her shoulder to see what i was doing and her eyes widened.
" trace? "
" shh, it's okay. "
i ran my hands up and down her back around to her tits where i pulled and pinched them the way she likes.
i kept letting my c**k tap into her pu**y lips and her clit, which kept her preoccupied.
when i was sure she was ready, i leaned over her back, then i had a thought.
" did he f**k you in the ass? "
i had wrapped my hand around her throat unknowingly, it was only when she shook her head no that i realized what i 'd done.
i didn't think she 'd ever anal before but i wanted to be sure, it was the reason i 'd chosen tonight after all.
satisfied with her answer, i guided my c**k as gently as i could to her ass.
she was tight as was to be expected so i had to take me time and work my c**k into her ass in one-inch increments.
she tensed and her body tried to expel me but i soothed her with soft kisses around her ear and down her neck, whispering how beautiful she was and how much i loved her.
her ass relaxed enough for me to get a few inches in her and then i started the f**king motion in and out of her.
i'm not really big on anal sex, but it was enjoyable on some occasions.
the more she relaxed, the more dick i fed her until i was balls deep in her ass.
she was really getting into it now pushing her ass back hard against me until i was lying flat on her back pressing her into the bed.
her ass was the tightest f**king thing i 'd ever felt around my cock, and that was saying something because my baby has a tight cunt.
" when you're on stage with him, i want you to remember who you belong to. "
i slammed into her ass and her mouth opened in a soundless scream.
i f**ked her to two orgasms but i myself didn't want to cum in her ass.
instead i pulled out and with a stern'stay as you are ', went into the bathroom to clean off my rock hard cock.
coming back to the bed, i rolled her over onto her back and climbed between her legs pushing them farther apart with my hips.
i looked down at what i was doing as i led my c**k into her pu**y again.
i didn't hurry ; i knew i was f**king with her because she should've been gone half an hour ago.
i didn't care ; this was my way of showing her who was in charge.
" trace, we have to hurry i have to... " i caught her neck in my hand and surged into her hard.
" don't rush me, we're through when i say we are. "
i kissed her then, sending my tongue deep into her as i f**ked her nice and slow making her forget that she was way late.
she f**ked back at me her hips going wild as i kept teasing her with small strokes instead of the pounding she needed.
" if he touches you, i 'll kill him. "
she looked into my eyes before hers rolled back in her head and she came.
it was soon too much for me and though i didn't pound away at her like i always want to, i f**ked her to another climax as my balls unloaded in her womb.
i bit into her neck just as the last of my sperm was spilling into her.
i smirked down at my handy work.
let the little f**k think about that.
chapter 9 she sat practically in my lap in the car on the way to the venue.
her manager was not pleased to say the least and started in screaming until i told him to get f**ked.
" who are you?
hey aren't you... " i didn't bother to answer the f**ker as he stared from me to her and back.
she headed off to do her thing and i walked away from him, i wasn't ready to deal with him right now.
i stood around backstage until it was almost time for the show to begin then went out and took my seat in the front row.
i 'd debated on whether or not this was a good idea, watching her perform with him, but in the end she 'd pleaded with me to come.
i guess it was best if i were here in the flesh to see what the hell the performance was like than reading about it second hand in some rag.
the buzz was that they were dy***ite on the stage, that they had great chemistry and all that other bullshit.
i settled in for a long night.
i felt a huge sense of pride when she came out the first time and the crowd went wild.
this was a much larger crowd than the one from the night we met and the whole place was on their feet.
you would never know that less than two hours ago i had her bent over.
she didn't look at all nervous and in fact seemed to be glowing.
it was halfway through, when i 'd finally felt the tension leave me and had relaxed and start to enjoy the show that he joined her on stage.
the song was one of those dual tone numbers, slow in parts and fast in others.
i felt my fist fold the first time he had to get real close to her as they faced each other across the microphones.
then ensued a sort of cat and mouse dance.
he kept trying to put his arms around her waist or on her hip.
i wasn't sure if that was part of the actual dance routine or just him being an ass, but the first time she threw a panicked look my way i knew it was a bit of both.
the crowd seemed to read something else into it, as it appeared that she was playing hard to get, evading his roving hands and prancing away as she continued singing, only to be followed by him time and again.
each time our eyes met i kept my face neutral, i didn't want to spoil her performance and like i said if this was part of her job then so be it.
but what i didn't like was the way he tried to manhandle her on the stage when it had nothing to do with their routine.
don't ask me how i knew those times so well.
i was reading her body language sure, but each time it happened she 'd send me a look and it would tip me off.
i wasn't mad at her though, not really, but him i 'd like to stomp into the f**king mud.
i left my seat and headed backstage just before the last number ended.
i cold hear the roar of the crowd as she bid them goodnight for the second time after giving them the encore they 'd asked for.
i was in the shadows sort of, behind this huge potted plant, when she came back followed by the rest of the band, and the ass**le. "
hey i'm talking to you. "
he reached out to grab her arm and she pulled it out of his reach.
" the show is over donnie we have nothing more to say to each other for the rest of the night. "
" that's what you think.
where did you get this? "
he tried touching the mark i 'd left on her neck.
she slapped her hand over it and backed up.
" that's none of your business. "
" it is my business when my woman is sporting a hickey from some other dude. "
" your woman, are you insane?
we've been over for months now would you please get out of my way? "
she tried going around him and by this point i 'd seen all i needed to.
i started forward but before i could reach them he 'd reached out and grabbed her and was trying to kiss her.
the amazing this was that there were others heading backstage and no one seemed to witness the almost assault that was taking place right in front of them.
that could be because their voices had been kept low throughout this whole exchange.
as soon as his hand fisted in her blouse i was on him.
" get the f**k off her ass**le. "
i flung his hand away and got between the two of them.
you could say i was pissed but trying to contain it.
i was no longer angry about the display on stage, i knew that was all him and though the world might see a very well coordinated dance routine, that's all that it was.
but this was something more, this was personal and this i would not allow.
" who the f**k are you, shiane who's this ass**le?
is he new security?
tell him who i am before i sue his ass. "
" listen you little shit, if you come anywhere near her again i 'll break every bone in your f**king body. "
he looked at her wide eyed when he realized i meant every word.
then he stupidly reached out for her again, grabbing her hand this time and i saw red.
i punched him in the face until blood spurted from his mouth.
only the fact that he was so much younger than i, kept me from following through.
i grabbed her hand and pulled her out behind me mad as hell.
i didn't have a jacket to give her this time but thankfully she was more covered up.
" did you leave anything back there that you needed? "
i asked her after we were in the back of the car on the way home.
she called one of her assistants to gather her shit.
that night i f**ked her like a beast, there wasn't any part of her body that i didn't lick bite or kiss.
at one point she 'd cried because it was too much.
i ate her little pu**y until the sting was eased and then slid back into her.
we were both sore by the time i rolled away from her as the sun was rising.
dragging her into my arms i cuddled her as we slept.
the next day i was all over the f**king front page, just what i needed.
some hack had been there taking pictures of the whole thing and the story broke.
that's how we were found out and since that night we couldn't leave the house for weeks without a camera in our face.
things cooled down when they realized they weren't gon na get anything more from us and my security was very good at evading their asses.
they had no access to my private underground parking garage and since i had a whole fleet of cars to choose from they never knew which one we were in if i felt like taking my woman out for dinner.
since i didn't frequent the kind of establishments that catered to the paparazzi or that hired people who 'd tip them off to us being there, we were left relatively in peace after the hubbub had died down chapter 10 now it's the night of the last show and she was pissing me off.
we 'd had an argument of sorts that morning, well i wouldn't call it an argument exactly but there was definitely some tension.
we were lazing around having breakfast doing our usual thing, which was something the therapist had told her was helpful for her anxiety.
i was reaching over to pour her some orange juice when she sideswiped me.
" trace are we gon na get married? "
she caught me off guard with that one, coming out of the blue like that and i guess i didn't handle the situation to her liking.
" why don't we talk about this later after you're done with the show? "
it was the best i could come up with on such short notice.
for some reason my answer pissed her off.
she 'd been showing her mettle a lot here lately once she realized i wasn't the type to fold my fist and punch her in the face just for kicks.
after she asked me that she got all quiet for the rest of the day and when she wasn't slamming shit around the house she was ignoring me.
i decided to leave her to her mad and do some work in my office.
two hours before she was due to leave i cornered her in the shower and f**ked her against the stall although she 'd tried to give me shit at first.
" mine, you don't tell me no ever no matter how f**king pissed you are. "
i had my hand covering her wet crotch when i said that and moved it away to enter her swiftly.
as much of a fuss as she 'd made by the time i had her pinned to the wall, her legs were wrapped around my waist and her fingers were digging into my scalp as i f**ked her to within an inch of her life.
she 'd cleaned my c**k off after i 'd off loaded inside her the second time and we 'd cleaned each other up after so i was under the impression that she was over her mad.
now she pulled this f**king stunt.
we 'd had a few conversations about the way she dressed on stage and when she let it be known that she wasn't too comfortable with some of the costumes either but her wardrobe people chose them, i 'd put my foot down.
her talent didn't need any gimmicks.
i didn't expect her to dress like a nun on stage but neither did i expect her to show her ass to the world, not when that ass was now the exclusive property of trace mckenzie.
i waited until the number was almost at an end and she would be headed backstage for a clothes change.
i caught her as soon as she got off the stage and while her helpers were waiting to help her change i dragged her off to the dressing room and locked the door.
" your next outfit had better be something more presentable shiane, or i swear to f**k, i will drag your ass off that f**king stage and take you home. "
" don't tell me how to do my job trace, i was doing this before we met and if you don't like it... " my hand came up and went around her throat and i pulled her face close to mine.
" watch what the f**k you say to me little girl, i'm holding onto my temper by a thread, so unless you want me to heat up your little ass when we get home you 'd better quit while you're ahead. "
" maybe i won't be going home with you. "
she was pissed and obviously not thinking too clearly because of it or she would've been more careful.
i laughed in her face.
" try it, there isn't a hole or rock big enough to hide your ass.
and if you get any one of these f**kers around here to help you hide from me i will destroy the f**k. " i kissed her hard enough to bruise her lips before leaving her there.
i knew what she wanted but she was just going to have to wait.
i'm a man and for a man there's always the right way and a wrong way to do things.
i headed back out my seat and that's when she really did it.
i thought i 'd made my point when i saw the long dress with the slit up the front.
but then one of the male dancers came up behind her and wrapped his arm around her from behind while she sang to him and they did some sorta two- step dance.
then he did something with his hand and the dress was at her feet.
she kicked it out of the way as the crowd went wild.
she had the nerve to dead at me was she sang and then and shook her ass at the crowd.
i thought there was going to be a riot.
i sat there for the rest of the set until she left the stage for the last time.
by now my rage was a cool controlled anger simmering inside me.
i said nothing as i went backstage where everyone was congratulating her on her performance.
" let's go. "
i walked over and took her elbow. "
" wait i have to... " one look at my face had her changing tact.
she swallowed hard and i could see from her expression that she was finally getting that she 'd gone too far.
all the way in the car i sat away from her while she kept shooting me furtive looks.
i kept my face straight ahead and my fists clenched as they hung between my thighs.
if i did anything else i'm afraid i might strangle her ass.
as soon as we got through the doors of home i grabbed her arm and headed for the bedroom and straight to where i kept the belt i used to wail her ass.
" stop trace you can't. "
she tried to pulling away from me which only enraged me more.
i grabbed the belt and was about to bring it down over her ass, not even waiting to get her undressed i was so pissed.
" i'm pregnant. "
well f**k, that sure stopped me in my tracks.
" what did you say? "
" you can't spank me, i'm pregnant. "
i dropped the belt and stared down at her.
there was something strange going on with my heart.
it was beating yes, but the rhythm was off somehow.
i felt a buzzing in my ears and i thin i lost sight there for a second.
" you're pregnant? "
i pulled her around to stand in front of me.
she nodded and looked down at her feet.
" why didn't you tell me? "
" i just found out, i was going to tell you, then i asked you that question this morning and you blew me off. "
the memory seemed to renew her anger and she glared at me.
" i wasn't about to try to trap you with a baby, i don't want to marry someone who doesn't really want me for me, i've had one ass**le in my life already. "
i grabbed her neck and lifted her off her feet.
" i told you never to throw that f**ker in my face.
just because you're carrying my child do not think for one minute that i won't heat your little ass up.
" what the f**k ever gave you the idea that i didn't want to marry you? "
" you said... " she raised her voice and started to yell.
" watch your f**king tone, you're skating on thin f**king ice.
what the f**k ever gave you the idea that i'm the kinda man who needs his woman to propose to him?
that's my place, not f**king yours no matter what some feminist new age f**k says. "
" well it didn't look like you were gon na ask, now if you do, i 'll always know it was only because of your precious child. "
i dragged her into the closet and over to the safe i kept hidden there.
it took me a few tries to get the combination i was that f**king pissed.
opening the safe i retrieved the little velvet box i 'd kept there for months.
" i bought this two days after we met.
i was waiting for you to be finished with this before giving it to you.
" trace i... " " save it, i told you once i won't pay for what that ass**le did to you.
not that that's clear let's talk about that shit you pulled tonight. "
" i thought you didn't want me, i thought... " " so you thought to get back at me by doing something that was sure to piss me off.
just a warning for the future babe, you do not ever want to piss me off.
i 'll be lenient with you when it comes to certain things, but outright disobedience will not be acceptable, not now not ever.
" you want me to leave your ass you pull a stunt like this again.
if i say no it means f**king no do you hear me? "
" yes. "
she mumbled.
" i'm sorry. "
" you're too f**king spoilt for your own good.
i'm not sure if i should let this slide, but i don't want the news of my child's conception to be marred by this f**kery, and since you've spoiled my proposal you can live with that shit. "
i took the box from her hand and put the five-carat diamond on her finger.
this was not how i 'd wanted this to go.
i 'd had everything planned out.
i was going to take her to paris since that was her favorite place and propose to her there in one of their over priced swanky restaurants.
that's not my style but it's hers so i was willing to do it to make the night special.
i didn't make love to her that night.
not because of any punishment or anything like that, i think i was just overwhelmed a little if you wan na know the truth.
i 'd gone from extremely pissed and ready to heat up her ass, to learning that i was going to be a daddy or a dad.
instead i helped her get ready for bed and held her as she gave into the fatigue of the long day and night.
once again i recalled my childhood, the always wanting, never having and never any hope of having.
and the hunger, humiliation, all the things you can expect from a young boy whose parents neglected him.
and then when lily came along, my beautiful little sister, i remembered the fear in my gut that i wouldn't be able to protect her.
she was the one and only baby i 'd ever held in my arms, and the love i 'd felt then, couldn't be compared to what i felt for the unborn child shiane now kept safe in her womb.
i thought of her upcoming tour and knew there was no way i would let her go off on her own, not in her condition.
i came to the conclusion that it was time i delegated more at work.
i had men and women that i 'd hired, the best in their fields, sometimes straight out of college, but had yet to trust anyone to do what i did.
it was an easy decision to make now, whereas before the thought gave me cold sweats.
i took the hand with my ring on it and kissed her finger as i hoped and prayed that i would get this right, then being as gentle as i could and not awaken her.
i lowered my body until my lips were in line with her still flat stomach and made a promise to my son or daughter.
" daddy will always be there little one, no matter what ; i can't wait to meet you. "
i felt the tears gather at the corner of my eyes, and though it had been years since i 'd shed one, i let them fall.
my heart had never been so full in my life.
i held her until the dawn and that's as long as i could hold out before taking her.
turning her silky soft body onto her back, i kissed my way down her body, stopping at her br**sts.
i took the nipple of first one into my mouth, licking and sucking, pulling strong as i imagined one day my baby would, before going to the other.
by the time i made my way down to her sweet cunt, she was writhing beneath me.
i licked her clit until it was peeping out from under its hood, then spreading her pu**y lips open, i closed my eyes and feasted on her flesh, her taste bursting into my mouth as i dug deep with my tongue.
sliding up her body, i slid into her going deep with one smooth thrust.
her eyes were sleep-warm as she looked up at me.
with my hands holding both sides of her head, i held it back so i could look into her eyes as i loved her.
" i love knowing my child is inside you. "
i let one of my handles cover her stomach between us for a brief moment before gathering her in close.
" give me your mouth baby. "
she lifted her lips to mine and we stayed like that, our lips locked together passionately as i worked my c**k in and out of her, her hips rising and falling with my thrusts.
it was the most amazing experience of my life so far, and there was so much more to come.
i 'll make sure of it.
epilogue he's utterly unpredictable and totally insane my husband.
i don't think i've ever known a more volatile person in my life.
my dad was an easy going mild mannered man, sure he and mom had their tiffs over the years when we were growing up, but i doubt he's ever done or said half the things has done to me.
like spanking her ass with a belt.
since my announcement of my pregnancy, he's added one other element, over protectiveness.
don't get me wrong, i love it, in fact i think i need it because my hormones have been out of whack from day one ; but i wondered how others would see him.
it started with my management team of all things, and a couple of the lawyers that handled my contracts.
the morning after our engagement, he 'd dropped the bombshell that they had been robbing me blind.
i 'd sat there dumbfounded, not having the first clue as to what i was supposed to do next.
" don't worry princess i've got it covered. "
'but how did they and why? "
" the how is easy, you don't know what you're looking at when dealing with those things unless you've done some kind of business class or you have someone reliable explain it to you. "
he was right i guess, as a small town girl, seeing all those zeros on my account balance was enough for me, i was just happy doing what i loved most and the fact that i was actually being paid, well.
" the why is that they're greedy f**ks and they saw you coming a mile off. "
i guess they never banked on trace mckenzie coming into my life and turning everything upside down.
i 'd wanted to do everything secretly after that, didn't want the brouhaha that would follow if the public got ahold of it.
trace wanted to burn them at the stake.
in the end he convinced me that it was best to go public so that they wouldn't be free to do it to others.
turns out that was the right call, because after the story broke, others had come forward after realizing that they too had been victims of these unscrupulous men.
my tour started when i was five months along.
trace somehow found the time to leave work for almost two months and accompany me.
i 'd had to do some rearranging which meant there were hardly any breaks in between cities, but i wanted to be done before i really started to show.
that's when i saw the other side of him.
he 'd hired all new management for me when i told him i wasn't sure what to look for.
he 'd threatened to fire my wardrobe staff until they had some kind of meeting and he got what he wanted.
in the end they 'd come up with more tasteful designs, though some of them were sexier than the ones i 'd worn before.
he was right you didn't have to be half naked on stage to get your point across.
one day we were sitting at the kitchen table, i was still sitting in his lap because we 'd just made love while our breakfast had grown cold.
as he slipped out of my body i 'd said, 'you know we can do the proposal thing over '.
he 'd given me one of his looks and that was that.
i guess that ship had sailed.
i can't say that i felt deprived though, because in every way he was the perfect fiance and then husband.
our wedding was a very private affair in my hometown.
he 'd moved heaven and earth to make it so and it was beautiful.
he was completely fascinated with my body these days, especially after i started to show.
there wasn't a day that went by that he didn't spend at least an hour playing with my tummy and having these long drawn out conversations with whoever was in there.
now though, i think he 'd reached his limit.
" trace it hurts. "
he leaned over me as he held my hand in his and brushed my hair back with the other.
" i know baby, i know it will be better soon.
do something. "
that last was said to the doctor and nurses that were there in the delivery room.
he hadn't shouted the words that they carried more force than if he had.
the way he seethed them through clenched teeth and glared at the room's occupants.
if i weren't in so much pain i would've found it funny.
" she's coming along just fine mr. mckenzie.
just one more push shiane, that's a good girl. "
i bore down with all my might as trace held my hand and whispered in my ear how proud he was of me and how beautiful i was.
i think it was his voice more so than anything urging from the doctor that gave me the extra boost i needed to push my son out into the world.
i laughed and cried as i heard his loud wails fill the room.
trace never took his eyes off mine until the oh-oh from the doctor.
" oh-oh?
no f**king oh-oh, what the f**k is oh-oh? "
he was ready to tear the poor woman's head off before she explained.
i was in too much of a daze from the new pain wracking my body to help.
" looks like we have another one. "
and so my daughter was born, totally unexpected but completely loved.
the end chapter one i bounce from foot to foot as i try my mom's cell phone one more time.
i'm practically bursting at the seams wanting to tell her my good news, and she's not answering.
i hang up the call as it goes to her voicemail again.
she's been a little more unreachable ever since she started dating this new mystery man.
she 'll have to break down and tell me about him soon-we've never been able to keep secrets from one another for long.
i give up and hold down the number 2 button on my old flip-phone to auto-dial my best friend allison.
thankfully, she picks up.
" i got it!
i got a lawn room! "
i shriek as soon as she answers, my excitement overflowing into a wild jig around my tiny dorm room.
allison screams on the other end in response-she knows what a huge deal this is for me.
there are only fifty-four lawn rooms at the university of virginia, where i'm just finishing my junior year.
they were a central part of thomas jefferson's design for the school, and spread out under white columns from his famous rotunda.
they might be small and drafty, but living in one is a high honor.
there's a rigorous application process, and they are given to only the most academically-deserving rising seniors.
i worked my nerdy butt off in preparation for this moment, and i can barely believe it's actually happening.
" wait, wait, i'm putting you on speaker.
miriam's here, too, " allison says when she finally takes a breath.
miriam is the third member of our little group that i met freshman year, and has both supported me and sheltered me through the first three years of college.
" brynn, i'm so proud of you!
i mean, think of how many hundreds and hundreds of hours you worked for this moment! "
she gushes.
i laugh.
" don't remind me! "
i wince, thinking of how much of college life i've missed while huddled in the back stacks of the library.
not that miriam and allison are academic slouches either, far from it, all three of us could probably draw you a map of the library from memory.
" and if it gets too cold in the winter, you can always come crash with us, " allison adds.
she and miriam have been roommates since sophomore year, and will be again next year.
they've always invited me to apply for housing with them, but after freshman year, i decided i was too much of an introvert for roommates.
" the fireplace is probably the best and worst part of the whole thing, " i laugh.
the lawn rooms have almost no trappings of the modern world, so in the winter all you have to keep yourself warm is your own personal fireplace.
it sounds romantic now, but come next january, i imagine i might feel differently.
" are you working tonight?
or can we celebrate? "
miriam asks.
i work in the cafeteria as part of my work-study program to offset the cost of my tuition.
" maybe we could go to dinner together, then see a movie? "
" well, i'm not working, " i admit, guilt already bubbling up from my stomach, " but i was thinking i might go out with these girls from my poli-sci class. "
there's a short silence before allison speaks.
" oh, cool... sounds fun.
what are you guys going to do? "
" um, they invited me to this party at the crew house, " i say, beginning to tug on the ends of my dark blonde hair-a nervous habit that only really gets out of control during finals.
" the crew house!? "
allison exclaims, and i can't help but roll my eyes at her theatrics.
" brynn, you know as well as we do that those parties get insane!
i heard that last semester nine of their varsity members got alcohol poisoning in one night! "
" well, there are only eight on a team, so i think that might be an exaggeration, " i murmur.
" though i suppose maybe an alternate- " " brynn, the point is, those parties are notoriously crazy, " miriam cuts in.
" i just want to see for myself, " i say, trying to keep the frustration out of my voice.
" i 'll call you guys tomorrow morning. "
" ok... " allison says warily.
" bye! "
i say quickly, before miriam can renew her argument, and hang up.
as wonderful as my two best friends are, i do get tired of how uptight they can be sometimes.
not that i don't understand where it comes from.
the three of us weren't exactly popular during high school, and when we found each other during our freshman year orientation, it was such an amazing relief to be with like-minded girls.
we were all serious students, driven, with a penchant for fantasy books that might star viggo mortensen in the movie adaption.
but now, i'm beginning to chafe at the boundaries of our friendship.
particularly when it comes to going out to parties, and boys.
on my early morning trips to the library, i see girls doing the walk of shame across campus, their makeup smeared across their faces, hair rumpled, and first i feel pity, and then intense jealousy.
that post-sex glazed over look... if i'm honest with myself, i want that too.
and i promised myself that if i got my lawn room, i 'd go to a party.
a real college party.
the kind miriam and allison roll their eyes at as they wonder how many brain cells its attendees are killing by the second.
this crew party is the perfect opportunity.
i'm trying not to get my hopes up, but it remains a possibility that i might actually get to talk to nate thornhill tonight.
just the thought of his name is enough to send tingles down my spine, though i know the real-life man could probably never live up to the fantasy i've built up in my mind.
i still remember the first time i saw him, walking across campus the second weekend of fall semester of freshman year.
i would've bet my life then that he was a senior.
compared to the boys i had just left behind in high school, he was already a full-grown man.
he wore a navy blue polo like it was a second skin as he strode across the grass, jefferson's palladian architecture spread out behind him like it was built as a set for a movie he was starring in.
he wore his wavy brown hair on the long side, and pushed back to keep it out of his dark blue eyes.
his nose was perfectly straight and ended over a pair of soft, full lips and a chin with an actual dimple in it.
if it were possible for ryan gosling and a kennedy to have a baby, the result would be nate thornhill.
i later learned that he was a double major like me, and since one of mine is political science and one of his is history, we overlapped in a few of our core courses.
i expected him to sit in the back with the rest of the jocks but he was always in the front row, quick to raise his hand with intelligent answers.
i always hide right in the center of the halls ; my shyness overwhelms me in those big lecture classes.
i've never got up the courage to actually talk to him, and besides, he always has a different girl on his arm.
with his looks, money, and being a star of both the lacrosse and crew teams, he draws women in like a magnet.
but tonight?
tonight i have promised myself that if he's at the party, i am going to introduce myself.
i shoot off a quick text to cara, my new friend from class, to confirm that i 'll join her tonight, and then turn to my closet.
i really only have one option to wear tonight : a simple, slinky black camisole with a lace inlay that i bought at the mall in spite of miriam and allison's naysaying.
i didn't know what i was buying it for then, but it's the kind of shirt i've seen other girls wearing to parties.
i slip on jeans and a pair of heels that are probably a little low to be cool, but they 'll have to do.
it's not like i have extra money to be adding to my wardrobe.
i take out the drug store makeup that i bought and sit at my desk.
i never usually wear anything but chapstick, but i watched some youtube tutorials and feel confident i can mimic some of the techniques.
with a compact mirror, i carefully put on a little concealer, blush, brown eye shadow, and black mascara.
i bought an eyeliner, but i don't use it.
i think it's a little beyond my skills.
with a swipe of some sparkly lip gloss, i'm done.
i close the closet door and study myself in the full-length mirror.
with a start, i recognize myself in the reflection.
i turn my face side to side, searching for all its imperfections.
with a little makeup on, my resemblance to my mom is more pronounced.
everyone always says she is beautiful, so maybe it's possible that i might be pretty, too.
the shirt is more low-cut than i remembered, and i touch my breasts self-consciously.
i get my large c-cups from my mom also, but i've always kept them covered up.
i see how men get distracted by them, like they're some tractor beam pulling them in.
one more quick glance to check my mascara application, and i nod at myself, satisfied.
it's been a long time coming, but i think i'm finally ready to party.
chapter two the spring night air is warm on my face as i walk across campus to meet cara and her friends.
i pass other students heading out for the night and feel happy to count myself among them.
i go over my rules for myself as i near the crew house, which is just across the street from campus.
no more than three drinks.
no talking about classes.
no weirdness around nate thornhill.
" brynn! "
cara yells from the opposite sidewalk.
i wave as i head over.
" i can't believe you got a lawn room!
that's amazing! "
i lean over to give her a hug.
she's an effortlessly cool, petite brunette-the kind of girl that everyone considers to be their friend.
" thanks! "
" holy shit!
you got a lawn room?
are you, like, a genius or something? "
her friend rachel asks, her jaw dropping.
" i wish!
then all those papers would have taken me way less time to write, " i reply with a laugh.
" cara says you've never been to a crew party? "
marie, the knockout of the group, asks.
" nope... just never made my way over here i guess, " i reply, downplaying the situation.
" well, they have the best parties, " she assures me.
" and the hottest guys. "
" lacrosse guys are hotter, " rachel argues.
" of course, if you can always do both... " marie murmurs, and they burst into laughter.
" hey, you look great, by the way, " cara says to me as we walk up the front steps of the house.
" love that top. "
" thanks, " i say, trying not to glow.
a couple guys chilling on the front porch greet the other girls by name, and i blush as i feel their eyes glance over me.
i tug my hair self-consciously as one of them grins at me.
two girls hurry past us in the opposite direction.
one leans over the railing as her friend barely manages to pull her hair back before she retches into the bushes.
lovely.
sweat and the scent of beer greets us as we walk inside.
the lights are dim, barely illuminating the mass of people crowded into the main room, and i feel my heels sticking to the sticky floor.
" cara, the love of my life! "
a tall, brawny guy says, sweeping her up into a hug.
i recognize him from the crew team.
not that i've studied their roster photos or anything... " oh, ha, ha, " cara says, rolling her eyes, though something about the gleam in her eyes tells me she likes the guy.
" can i get you ladies a beer? "
he asks, nodding to the keg behind him.
" yes, please, " cara says.
" hey, foster, this is my good friend brynn.
this is her first crew party so treat her nice. "
" i'm always nice! "
foster says indignantly, then bows in front of me and offers his hand.
" m'lady, " he says, as i place my hand in his and raises it to his lips.
marie and rachel giggle and then head over to another group as foster hands them their beers.
cara and i follow foster over to an old, mysteriously stained, couch in the corner.
we weave around other scantily clad co-eds, and for the first time in my life, i feel like one of the cool kids.
i perch nervously on the far left cushion as cara sits next to me, with foster on her other side.
i slowly sip my beer as he whispers in her ear.
i've had beer before, even gotten tipsy a few times with allison and miriam when we first turned twenty-one and tried out some wine bars.
i just want to make sure i don't overdo it tonight and end up like that girl we passed on the way inside.
" where's nate tonight? "
my head whips around as i hear cara ask foster the question.
my heart stops for a second.
i have to admit i 'll feel crushed if he's not even here.
" he's somewhere around, probably getting crushed under a pile of chicks, " foster rolls his eyes, and cara laughs.
i down half my beer.
i can't believe how jealous it makes me feel, i've never even met the guy.
cara and foster keep chatting, and though cara makes an effort to include me, i'm feeling too nervous to contribute much to the conversation.
by the time i finish my beer, i really have to pee.
" be right back, " i murmur to cara, and go looking for the bathroom.
i weave through the sweaty throng to a hallway along the stairs.
i see a line of five girls outside of what i assume is the bathroom, and with a sigh, i step behind the last one.
the door opens and a guy darts in front of the front girl.
" hey! "
she protests.
" sorry!
emergency! "
he cries, and shuts the door behind him.
i lean back a little and glance up the stairs.
there are several people hanging out on the landing, but it's definitely quieter up there, and i'm sure there's more than one bathroom in this place.
holding my legs close together, i turn around and hurry up the stairs.
i bypass the first couple rooms with open doors and come to a couple closed ones.
i can see a room at the end of the hall that looks like a lounge, with a pool table in the middle of the room.
one of these two rooms must be the bathroom.
i lean toward the nearest one and press my ear against it.
i can't hear anything.
i knock softly and wait for a reply, and when i don't hear one, i slowly turn the knob and open the door.
i gasp as it's pulled open and out of my grasp.
my eyes fly up and immediately i realize that nate is standing before me.
" i... i... "
i stammer.
his pupils dilate as he stares at me in amusement.
i let my gaze fall down his body.
he's naked but for a pair of pale blue boxers.
good lord, his body is ridiculous.
the line down between his six-pack looks like it was etched in stone.
it's suddenly very difficult to breathe.
" see anything you like? "
he asks drily.
i snap my gaze back up.
a brown curl of hair hangs just over one of his eyes.
i clear my throat as i try to think of something to say.
i feel his eyes travelling over my body, my skin burning under his gaze as desire begins to pool in my stomach.
" oh, no, i was- " " you wan na join us? "
he says, pulling the door open a little more.
i glance over his shoulder and see a naked girl in bed covered in rumpled sheets.
" nate! "
the girl says with a giggle, and pulls a sheet up over her breasts.
" come on.
if i weren't already naked, i 'd say you were undressing me with your eyes, " he says smugly to me.
i feel my cheeks turn scarlet.
" no, sorry, " i murmur, averting my eyes and rushing down the hall to the stairs as i hear the girl dissolve into laughter behind me.
i run straight out of the front door and down the front steps before stopping on the sidewalk to process what's just happened.
ugh, i'm such an idiot.
i raise my hand to my mouth and wipe the back of my palm across my lips, smearing off my lip gloss.
i don't belong at parties like this, and i certainly don't belong with nate thornhill.
i've never been so embarrassed in my life... and how arrogant, asking me to join him and that girl as though i actually would?
hot tears build up behind my eyes and threaten to spill over.
i had such high hopes for tonight, such high hopes for him.
and he ended up being so gross.
i pull my phone out of my wristlet and shoot off a quick text to cara : hey, just got a terrible headache.
headed back to my dorm.
see you later!
i head back across campus and to the safety of my dorm room.
my phone buzzes and i pull it back out to see her response : feel better!
i envy cara.
everything seems to come so easy to her.
she can fit in anywhere, make friends with anyone.
i guess i'm just not that kind of person, much as i 'd like to be.
chapter three the words are a blur on the page in front of me.
i rub my eyes.
i didn't sleep well last night, and now i can't concentrate on my notes.
we have a few days off at the beginning of the week to study, and then final exams.
i can't let myself slip just because i got a lawn room, but the events of last night are distracting me and studying right now is nearly impossible.
my phone rings on the desk next to me.
" hey, mom! "
i say as i pick up.
" hey, honey!
i just saw you called me a bunch yesterday!
i'm sorry.
i was out with pierce. "
her melodic voice sounds a little breathless, as it always does when she talks about this new boyfriend.
" well, i have some good news. "
" me, too! "
she replies.
" oh!
um, do you want to go first? "
" actually, i'm going to be in town tonight.
pierce and i were hoping to have dinner with you. "
" you're in town?!
that's great news. "
she laughs.
" no, that's not the news!
do you want to wait to tell me your news until then? "
" um, sure.
why not?
everything's ok, though, right? "
" everything's great!
we have a reservation for 7 o'clock at decanter.
should we pick you up? "
" no, that's ok.
it's just a short walk from campus. "
" wonderful!
oh, i'm so excited to see you! "
she says.
" me too! "
i shut my phone feeling dumbfounded.
now i'm really not going to be able to study.
my mom's never surprised me like this before.
i frown.
could she and pierce be engaged, and she wants to tell me in person?
i guess i 'd be happy for her, but i've never met this guy before.
what if he's just one more jerk in the long line of lowlifes that she seems to attract?
my mom is so gorgeous and always loved the attention her looks brought her, but her vanity has always worried me.
men are so willing to do everything for her, but they never seem to be the right kind of men.
regardless of their character, she's always had a constant stream of admirers, and has never had to do anything for herself.
she doesn't know who she is or how to be alone.
when i came along, my dad showed his true colors and abandoned us, and she had no skills to fall back on as a twenty-two year-old single mother.
i always promised myself that i wouldn't let myself depend on a man like her.
i had to make sure i could make my own way in the world, which is probably why i've had my nose in a book my whole life.
after several more hours of fruitless study, i decide to get ready a little early so that i can take a walk around campus before i meet my mom and her new boyfriend.
i put on a cotton summer dress and grab a cardigan in case the restaurant is chilly.
i start to feel a little calmer when i reach the lawn and see the rotunda's white dome in front of me.
the architecture always inspires me, and next year i 'll actually be living here.
i stand in front of the women's side of the lawn-genders are separated-and wonder which room will be mine.
my mind drifts back unbidden to last night.
i so hoped to be able to expand my horizons a little.
as wonderful as i know getting a lawn room is, it's not everything.
the way nate's body looked in the low light from the hall... the small tuft of hair that showed just above his boxers... the way he looked at me.
i realize i'm tugging at my braid absent-mindedly, and shake my head at myself-i need to get it together.
it's time to meet my mom and her new boyfriend, and hear their big news.
i glance around as i enter decanter.
its architecture is modern and elegant, a mix of cream fabrics and dark wood.
i've never been here before-way out of my price range.
i'm about to approach the hostess when i recognize my mom in a prime booth in the corner.
i walk toward her between a row of tables, hearing the hushed tones of conversation and the clinking of wine glasses around me.
her eyes light up and she stands as she sees me approaching.
she looks even more gorgeous than usual.
her blonde hair, a little lighter than mine, hangs in a long bob almost to her shoulders, and her perfect teeth show brightly behind her deep red lipstick.
" brynn!
i've missed you, honey, " she says, enveloping me in a hug.
" you look gorgeous.
isn't this dress a little big for you, though? "
she asks, pulling at the extra fabric.
" you know i like this kind of fit, " i reply, allowing only the slightest bit of impatience to enter my voice.
this is a recurring conversation with us.
she always wants me to dress a little more feminine, a little more " form-flattering " as she puts it.
" well, i'm so excited for you to meet pierce.
he's just in the restroom-oh!
here he is. "
i follow her gaze to an elegantly dressed man with salt-and-pepper hair and blue eyes who's approaching us with a warm smile.
" holly, i 'd think this was your sister if i didn't know any better, " he says, and my mom giggles.
" brynn, i'm pierce.
your mom has told me such wonderful things about you, " he says as we shake hands.
" likewise, " i reply politely, though the truth is that she's told me almost nothing.
" well, let's sit.
i ordered us some champagne for the table.
it should be arriving soon. "
we all obediently sit, me on one side of the cushy leather booth, and my mom and pierce on the other.
" so, brynn, you're in your junior year? "
" yes, that's- " i break off as my mom reaches for her water glass and i spot a ring on her left hand.
not an engagement ring, either.
a wedding ring.
" what's that? "
i ask sharply.
" oh, " my mom flutters.
" well, we were going to wait until my son arrived, but- " " we're married! "
my mom announces suddenly.
my jaw drops open.
" married? "
i squeak.
" i mean, i thought maybe you 'd be engaged but married? "
" you're upset? "
my mom asks worriedly.
" no, not upset... " i struggle to put my emotions into the right words.
i always feel the need to protect my mom from what i'm really feeling.
she's always been more fragile than me.
" just surprised, that's all.
i mean, how long have you known each other? "
" well, we met six months ago, " my mom says.
" and then pierce took me on a surprise trip to the turks and caicos last week, and everything was just so perfect... " she trails off, looking to him for support.
" it really was, brynn.
and it felt so right.
we wished you guys could have been there, but we just felt that we had to seize the moment.
it was in this little gazebo on the cliff, with spectacular views of the water, and the captain of a boat that was docked at the resort officiated... " " it was engagement, honeymoon, and wedding in one!
we just wished you and nate could have been there.
that would have made it even more perfect. "
i struggle to catch up with all the information they're throwing at me.
" sorry, who's nate? "
" oh, nate's my son.
he goes to school here, too.
i tried to get a hold of him so we could tell you together, but-wait!
there he is! "
pierce slides out of the booth to wave to his son.
nate.
not nate... " what's pierce's last name? "
i whisper urgently to my mom.
" thornhill, " she whispers back distractedly, sliding over to stand next to pierce.
oh my god.
nate thornhill is here.
nate thornhill is currently walking up behind me.
nate thornhill is my new... stepbrother, i realize in horror.
beads of sweat form at my hairline and i've suddenly lost my appetite.
chapter four as nate walks into my periphery, i watch in slow motion as he hugs his dad and shakes hands with my mom.
i can not believe this is happening.
surely i'm in the middle of some strange nightmare and will wake up soon.
i hoped i 'd never have to see him again after last night.
" brynn, honey, this is nate, pierce's son, " my mom says, cutting through the fog of emotion in my brain.
" h-hi.
nate.
brynn.
i'm brynn, " i stammer as he glances over at me.
" brynn, pleasure to meet you, " he replies formally.
wait, does he not even remember meeting me last night?
" well, scooch over brynn, so nate can sit, " mom says, waving me over with her hands.
" right, sorry, " i say, sliding over so that he can sit next to me.
i stare straight ahead as he sits.
i can feel my body betraying me already.
the heat from his leg under the table is giving me heart palpitations.
" thought you weren't going to be able to make it, " pierce says a little tensely to his son.
" sorry, i was in the library studying.
i had my phone off. "
" well, you missed the big announcement.
we were just telling brynn that holly and i have gotten married. "
i glance at nate out of the corner of my eye.
i see his eyes widen in surprise.
" married?
i thought you said you 'd never get married again. "
" well, things change.
when i met holly, i just knew.
you 'll see when you get to know her.
she's a special woman. "
i watch my mom glow like a 1000 watt bulb and can't help but smile.
it's been a while since i've seen her so happy.
" yeah, i'm... i'm just... " i watch him struggle for words just like i did.
" surprised.
but happy.
i'm looking forward to getting to know you better, holly. "
wow, that was... kind.
not what the guy i met last night would say.
" oh, me too, nate, " my mom replies, looking overjoyed.
" and i'm so excited for you and brynn to get to know each other! "
" two only children... " pierce says meaningfully.
" you 'll have to learn to share. "
my mom laughs and i join in weakly.
" you always wanted a sibling, brynn!
and now you have one!
well, a step-sibling, but still. "
a step-sibling that i've had literally dozens of dirty dreams about.
perfect.
" so, you two have never met, then? "
my mom asks, glancing between us.
" pierce and i were so excited when we realized both our kids were juniors here. "
" uva is my alma mater, " pierce adds proudly.
" no, we've never met, " i break in quickly.
i see nate eye me for a second before he nods.
" nope, never met, unfortunately, " he says.
" we thought it best not to tell you guys about us until we knew it would really be forever.
i thought it would have just been so awkward for you two if we 'd broken up and then you have to keep seeing each other around campus, " my mom explains.
" yes, that would have been awkward, " nate says drily, and i know he's thinking that nothing could compare to my own awkwardness last night.
the waitress comes over with the bottle of champagne that pierce ordered.
dom perignon, i see as i look at the label.
whoa, he must be loaded.
my new stepdad must be loaded.
she expertly pops the cork and pours us each an elegant flute, placing the bottle into a wine cooler next to the table.
pierce takes his glass and raises it.
" to a new family, " he says, looking around the table.
we all raise our glasses and clink them together.
i manage to do so without making eye contact with nate.
the champagne tickles my throat on the way down.
i've never wanted to drink a bottle of alcohol more in my entire life than at this moment, but i keep myself to a modest sip.
" so, honey, you told me you had some news, too? "
my mom asks, as she puts down her glass.
" oh, yes, though i don't think i can follow that announcement, " i hedge with a smile.
" please!
you sounded excited on the phone, " she encourages me.
" well, i got a lawn room, " i reveal.
my mom gasps in excitement, but i see pierce glance quickly at his son.
" i thought you said that they hadn't announced it yet, " he says quietly.
" i... i knew you 'd be disappointed.
i was waitlisted.
it was difficult, juggling two varsity sports, a double major- " nate replies.
i glance at my mom and then between the two men.
nate is looking down at the tablecloth.
" i was selected for a lawn room, too, " pierce says, interrupting him and turning to me.
" it's an important accomplishment. "
" thank you... " i say hesitantly.
nate looks so miserable.
" being waitlisted is impressive, too. "
he glances up at me sharply, his eyes flashing.
shit.
i heard it, too : pity.
" well, congratulations, both of you, " my mom breaks in.
" i have no idea what i'm going to order!
everything looks so wonderful. "
she runs her finger down the menu in front of her.
having grown up in a family of irish immigrants, my mom has always avoided conflict like the plague, though this time i'm glad for the change of subject.
i decide to order the steak since money doesn't seem to be an issue, and we each order a cocktail in addition to the champagne.
something begins to tug at the back of my brain after the waitress leaves to put in our food orders.
" pierce, i'm sorry if this is an ignorant question, but were you in office?
your name sounds so familiar. "
" yes, " he replies, looking pleased.
" i'm a former congressman- " " -for virginia.
now i remember.
you helped pass the campaign finance reforms. "
i smile.
" good memory. "
" one of my majors is political science, so i try to keep up with it. "
" and your other major? "
" global health. "
" you know, i run thornhill and co.
consulting of k street, and we're still looking for a summer intern.
interested? "
" dad, i thought you were going- " nate breaks in before i can respond.
" and i thought you were going to get a lawn room, " his dad replies, keeping his voice light.
" so, brynn, what do you think? "
" well, um, i was just going to get a summer job back in maryland to help pay for tuition, " i murmur.
did pierce promise his son the internship?
i don't want to start off this relationship with nate on the wrong foot.
" you don't need to worry about tuition now, honey, " my mom says softly.
i look at her in surprise.
oh my god-is pierce going to pay for my college bills?
the thought hadn't even occurred to me.
i look between them as they stare back at me calmly.
" oh, oh, i didn't think-i mean, i 'd love to, but i just-if nate wants the- " " then it's settled, " pierce cuts in.
" i tend to go into the office quite early, but we have an extra car you can use. "
" sorry?
i don't understand. "
" well, pierce and i are moving in together.
i mean, i basically live there now, but i'm officially selling the old house, now that we're married. "
" right.
of course. "
my brain scrambles to process all the new information.
just as i'm working it all out, i feel a hand on my knee.
i look down in surprise to see nate's arm disappearing under the tablecloth.
i glance at him.
he's looking straight ahead as though nothing's happening.
i struggle to maintain my composure as heat travels from his hand and all the way up to... " so, this summer, i 'll be living with you then?
all of you? "
nate turns to smile at me politely.
his hand moves another inch up the bare skin of my thigh.
i widen my eyes at him but he doesn't react.
" that's right.
we 'll all be living at pierce's house- " " our house, " pierce corrects my mom with a smile.
" our house, in potomac.
it's got tons of space, beautiful views of the river.
it 'll be wonderful to have the summer to bond with each other, and really become a family. "
nate's hand moves another inch up my leg.
i can feel the rough, calloused skin of his palm.
i've never been so turned on in my life, but i'm struggling against it.
what is he thinking?
we're at dinner with our parents!
" i know you have some stuff at the old house, but we 'll have it moved to the new one.
everything will be all set up when you get home, " my mom says, smiling at me.
" mmm, " i reply, trying to focus on her words.
" i wasn't that attached to the old place anyway, " i add with a shrug.
we 'd moved a couple times after my dad left, so no one place has ever felt like home.
nate's hand moves another inch up my thigh, pushing up the hem of my dress so his fingers rest under it.
my whole body is tingling.
holy hell, i can barely breathe.
i'm shocked pierce and my mom don't seem to notice that anything's happening.
with his other hand, nate takes a calm sip from his champagne flute.
where's the waitress?
he 'll have to move his hand when the food comes.
he moves his hand up another inch.
i can't take it any longer-another second and i'm going to start moaning.
as my mom moves her head to pierce's ear to murmur sweet nothings, i slide my fork off the table and press it tongs-first into the top of nate's hand.
i hear him make a sharp intake of breath and then his mouth twitches as he tries to hold position through the pain.
i press down harder.
suddenly he yanks his hand away and i just manage to stop my hand in time so the fork doesn't hit my leg.
he turns to me and smiles, a wicked glimmer in his eyes.
he was fucking with me, i realize.
that's his way of taking revenge for me showing him up in front of his dad?
what a goddamn creep!
i lean toward him with a fake smile plastered on my face.
" if you're that pissed about it, bring it up with your dad, don't take it out on me.
i did try to turn it down. "
i hiss into his ear.
he turns to me with an equally fake smile.
" i 'll do whatever the hell i like, sis. "
he says quietly so our parents can't hear.
the rest of the meal passes without nate making another fake pass at me.
the gears in my brain begin to move as i think about how i'm going to be spending the entire summer, and potentially many other seasons, living with this guy.
my life has been completely upended tonight, and i need some time to process everything.
after the waitress clears our coffee cups and pierce takes care of the bill with a black amex card, we stand up to say goodbye.
they're going to drive back to maryland tonight since it takes under three hours.
i hug pierce goodbye, then my mom.
" i know this was a lot to take in, honey.
we 'll talk everything over, i promise, " she whispers reassuringly, then kisses me on the cheek.
i smile at her and begin to tear up-i'm pretty overwhelmed.
nate surprises me by leaning in for a hug as our parents look on with a smile.
" great to meet you, " he says, then whispers almost silently in my ear, " sorry, we 'll never get a chance to have that threesome, sis. "
i freeze as he pats my back once and then breaks away.
he remembered.
and now he will always know how attracted i am to him.
i have a feeling i'm never going to hear the end of it.
chapter five " i don't mean to question the relationship, it was just so sudden, " i explain to my mom as she drives me home from the airport.
i usually never fly to or from college, but pierce insisted.
my biggest worry was that nate and i might be on the same flight, but luckily his exams ended earlier than mine.
i want as much time as possible to prepare myself for our interactions.
" no, i get it, i really do, " my mom assures me.
" you can ask me anything about pierce, or me and pierce, and i won't be upset. "
" he treats you well? "
" he's wonderful.
he's always surprising me with little gifts, trips, even.
i don't know what i've done to deserve him. "
" well, i think you're pretty great. "
i offer dramatically.
" oh, i didn't mean it like that!
i just mean, pierce treats me like a princess.
and the house is basically a castle, " she adds, pointing to her right.
i gasp at the flagstone mansion we're pulling alongside.
" shut up.
that's his house!?
it's huge! "
" i know, right? "
my mom replies with a laugh.
" it has maid's quarters!
but you 'll get used to it, really. "
" there's a maid? "
" he used to have a housekeeper/maid who would cook for him, but now i do most of that stuff.
i love having someone else to cook for again.
the maid just comes once a week now to do a really thorough cleaning, " she explains as we pull through the wrought-iron gates leading the driveway.
" are you still working at the salon? "
she used to support herself as a manicurist at the tiny salon back in our small town in eastern maryland.
" nope, not anymore.
i'm volunteering, though, and thinking of joining some charitable boards, " she says nonchalantly.
my mom, a lady who lunches, i think, shaking my head.
i don't know if i can see it.
my mom presses a button on the car's dashboard and one of the two garage doors opens.
we pull inside and i look around at the huge space as the door closes behind us.
if i'm this in shock about the size of the garage, i can't imagine how i 'll feel about the rest of the place.
after the tour, which took over an hour because the house is so massive, my mom finally leads me to my room.
my head is swimming at the lavishness of my new home.
as we walk down the plushly carpeted hallway, i'm alarmed to realize that i can actually smell nate.
he must be nearby somewhere.
i've been dreading seeing him again and hoped i 'd have more time to settle in before our first confrontation.
" here's nate's room, " my mom says as we pass a partially open door.
" he's out somewhere right now. "
i shake my head at myself.
i wish i could turn off the part of my body that's attracted to him.
if anything, though, my sex dreams about him have only become more frequent and more alarming ever since he laid his hand on my thigh.
" and here's your room. "
i can't believe it's right next door to nate's room.
there are so many rooms in this place-i would have preferred to have a bit more separation between us.
" whoa, " i say as she pushes the door open, and my misgivings about the room are forgotten.
a canopy with a delicate white fabric settled on it hangs over the four-poster bed in the center of the room.
a matching nightstand, bureau, and vanity make up the rest of the furniture.
the wallpaper is a tasteful, blue and white pattern with small birds on it that complements the light, airy feel of the room.
i release the handle of my luggage and head over the to the window seat and kneel on it.
there's a spectacular view of the potomac river below-the house was clearly built to play up the amazing location.
i glance to my left.
" is that my own bathroom? "
" yup-no more sharing! "
my mom replies gaily.
i step inside and admire the all-white tile and huge tub.
i've never been in a house so nice.
i can't believe i'm actually going to call this place home from now on.
" you want anything to eat? "
my mom asks from the bedroom.
" um, yeah, that would be great, " i call over my shoulder.
" ok, i 'll whip something up.
you stay here and get settled.
i 'll be in the kitchen when you're ready to eat. "
i wander back into the bedroom as my mom disappears down the stairs.
there is one question i have that i can't bring myself to ask her.
it's just... i know my mom worries about money, about me graduating from school with so much debt.
it's not that i think she would have married pierce just for the money, but i worry that it might have clouded her judgment a bit.
they got married so quickly-can she really know him that well?
maybe i'm just falling back into my usual pattern of co-dependency and mothering her.
she's a grown woman, i can't control what she does and i'm not responsible for her decisions... not to mention, i am hugely relieved to not have to carry around student loans for the rest of my life.
i kick my sandals off and sink back down onto the window seat.
the potomac is a dark green sliver barely visible through the bushy trees that line the back of the estate and continue down to the shoreline.
i startle as a figure breaks the stillness.
i recognize nate's head as he walks up from the lower lawn to the pool, a lacrosse stick tucked over his shoulder.
sheesh-is he training already?
school just ended!
i bite my lip as i watch him toss the stick on the deck and peel off his shirt.
he uses it to wipe the sweat off his face, then tosses it on a chair and kicks off his sneakers.
his body is just... impossible.
i mean, i guess it makes sense.
two varsity sports are probably enough to give anyone a body like a greek god, but he also has the face to match.
he jumps in the pool and i watch him swim a lap, the cool blue water cascading over his muscular back and shoulders.
i need to get used to seeing him like this-and stop acting like a total freak every time we're in the same room.
this is my new normal.
" your food's ready! "
my mom calls upstairs, her voice echoing a bit in the multi-level foyer.
i jump up and head downstairs.
i turn into a formal dining room before finding my way to the kitchen.
i stop as i realize the kitchen windows look directly out onto the pool.
great.
" i can't believe nate's already in the pool.
the water's still freezing, " my mom comments.
" yeah, he's crazy... " i reply, before i really hear what she said.
i'm too distracted by nate's backstroke, his arms cutting cleanly through the water.
" so you two never once ran into each other on campus in the three years you've been at uva? "
she asks, sliding a blt onto the glass table in the breakfast nook.
we sit down across from each other and i start eating.
" no, well... we hadn't ever met. "
" but? "
my mom digs, hearing a slight hesitation in my voice.
" well, nate's really well known around campus.
he starts on the lacrosse and crew teams, he's smart, good- " i catch myself and pretend to clear my throat.
" good-looking? "
my mom asks with a smile.
" mom... " i groan.
" well, he is.
i'm not blind.
actually, pierce looked just like him when he was his age. "
i see nate get out of the pool over my mom's shoulder and shake himself off.
i force myself to look down at my sandwich as he walks across to a lawn chair and lies down.
" what happened to nate's mom? "
my mom winces.
" pierce doesn't really like to talk about it-too painful.
apparently, she cheated on him and then abandoned him and nate.
they never see her. "
" oh, that's awful, " i murmur, trying to shove down the twinge of pity i feel for my new stepbrother.
" i think it's one of the things that brought us together-raising a child by ourselves. "
my eyes flick to the door as nate slides it open.
he's put his shirt back on but it clings to his still damp torso, emphasizing his muscular pecs and shoulders.
he drops his sneakers on the mat as he shuts the door behind him.
" hey nate, " my mom greets him.
" would you like a sandwich? "
" you don't have to do that, " he says, a little gruffly.
" i don't mind at all, " she replies, standing to move back to the counter.
he pauses, then sits in her abandoned chair a bit reluctantly.
" it's so funny that you and brynn never met at school! "
" i think there might have been one time- " he says, glancing at me, that same devilish look back in his eyes.
i feel his knee come to rest against mine under the table, and i quickly cross my legs.
" in class.
we have been in a few of the same classes together, " i clarify, narrowing my eyes at him.
" we have? "
he asks looking genuinely surprised.
my mom quietly spreads mayo on a slice of bread at the marble island.
" yes, " i whisper, embarrassed.
of course he wouldn't remember all of the times we've sat in the same classroom-only the time when i ogled him in the doorway of his bedroom and completely embarrassed myself.
i blush.
i want to sink into this seat cushion and disappear.
he frowns at me then turns his palm over and begins to pick at a callous.
" so honey, pierce says you 'll start your internship on monday, ok?
that 'll give you a few days to settle in, " my mom says as she slides the sandwich in front of nate.
" sounds good, " i reply, glancing at nate out of the corner of my eye.
" i'm having someone over for dinner tomorrow night, " he announces rather abruptly.
" oh, wonderful.
a friend from around here? "
" not a friend, really.
a girl i dated in high school, " nate clarifies.
i keep my eyes trained carefully forward.
" do you know if she has any dietary restrictions? "
my mom asks, excitedly flying into hostess mode.
" i could make this chicken dish my mom passed down, or... " i tune out as she offers more ideas, and polish off my sandwich as quickly as possible so i can excuse myself and go upstairs.
i sigh as i close my bedroom door behind me.
so now i have to have dinner with nate's ex-girlfriend.
is this what the rest of the summer is going to be like?
nate punishing me for his father's favor by exploiting my attraction to him?
i 'd rather be back in the library, buried in a book.
chapter six i push the sauteed chicken around my plate as i try not to watch nate drape his arm around the back of dana's chair.
she's pretty.
very pretty.
and sweet.
i wish she weren't so sweet so i could hate her for a good reason.
" so how long did you two date? "
my mom asks.
" well, it was on and off, so... hard to say.
he actually went to prom with one of my friends, " she replies, jokingly nudging nate, who at least has the grace to blush.
" nate... " his dad says, shaking his head admonishingly.
" oh, it's ok.
i went with one of his friends, " dana says with a smile.
" i think we both knew it wasn't meant to be. "
" a couple of my friends met their husbands in high school, " my mom says, resting her fork on her plate.
" though i read an article recently that said that twenty-eight percent of women meet their husbands in college. "
she looks pointedly at me and i jump up.
" i 'll clear, " i announce.
i have a feeling i know where this conversation is headed and i want to avoid it.
" oh, thank you, brynn, " pierce says, as i stack the plates on top of one another.
" no problem, " i reply.
" i waited tables in high school. "
" same, " nate says, as i reach in front of him to take his plate.
" you did not, " i retort, before i can think.
he looks up at me and raises his eyebrows, his gaze unreadable beneath them.
pierce laughs.
" it's true. "
" my dad says working is the only way to build character, " nate reports quietly.
" oh, " i say, blushing as i push my way through the swinging door into the kitchen.
i place the china carefully next to the sink and lean onto the counter.
god, i feel like i can't say anything right around nate.
my mind freezes up while my body is set on fire.
" so, are you dating anyone at school, brynn? "
pierce asks.
damn him.
" not right now, " i reply, sitting back down.
" who were you dating?
maybe i know him, " nate says, his dark eyes picking up the candlelight in the table's elaborate centerpiece.
my mom spent all afternoon on it.
" probably not, " i say evasively, pasting a polite smile on my face.
he really knows how to get under my skin.
the truth is, i've never really dated anyone, much as my mom pushes me, and as much as i'm embarrassed by the fact.
" who wants dessert? "
i manage to sidestep any more questioning by bringing out the last course, though now i'm starting to think about the fact that nate and dana are probably going to want to go off somewhere after this and have sex.
i hope it's not in nate's room.
what if i can hear them through the wall?
my mom insists on clearing the dessert plates, and nate and dana stand up.
pierce and nate start talking quietly, and dana comes over to me.
" you are so gorgeous. "
she offers.
" i have to ask : what do you use on your skin? "
" i-what?
um, soap? "
oh man, she really makes it difficult to hate her.
" soap?
just... soap?
oh my god, i have this whole routine, " she says, laughing at herself.
" well, thanks.
i guess i 'll be seeing you around often? "
i ask, but she looks surprised.
" because you and nate are dating. "
" we're not really dating, " she confides to me.
" he's not the type, and i gave up hope years ago.
but just look at him-can you blame me for coming back? "
she says with a grin, then her eyes widen.
" oh my gosh-sorry!
i forgot for a second that he's your brother! "
" step-brother, " i correct her.
" well, i'm gon na head upstairs.
it was really nice to meet you, dana. "
" you, too, " she replies, stepping away to join pierce and nate's conversation.
i head into the foyer but at the last second decide not to go upstairs.
i need some air.
i find myself heading down the hallway and to the french doors in the wood-paneled study.
they open onto the patio and i step outside with relief, closing the door behind me.
the firm breeze from the river calls me forward and i head down toward it.
i circle around the swimming pool on the first level of the backyard, and then down to a grassy lawn with a lacrosse goal set up on one end.
the wooden stairs down to the rocky beach are set on the right side, and it takes me a minute to find them in the dark.
as i head down the steps, i see the potomac spread out in front of me.
the water rushes hungrily by, lit only by the sparsely set houses on the cliffs surrounding it.
as i step onto the shore, i can feel the rocks pressing up through my sandals, and boulders casting long, dark shadows on either side of me.
this is no white-sand beach.
the river runs dangerously fast after rains, and there are even white-water rapids along parts of it.
i look back at the steps behind me and then back out at the river.
i feel so out of place here.
even though our old house didn't really feel like home either, i wish i were there now, stretched out on the ratty old couch, with my mom in her chair, watching something on our small tv.
i don't know if i 'll ever be able to feel like i belong here.
i 'll always feel like a guest in pierce's house.
i walk down closer to the water until i can feel the pebbles getting smaller underneath my feet.
i don't want my shoes to get wet.
i jump as a bird breaks out of a tree above me.
i can just see it as it flies off, its body a moving ink blot against the dark sky.
i wish i could follow it.
i turn and walk back toward the steps, feeling as lonely as i've ever felt.
i shake my head at myself as i climb the wooden stairs.
my mom is happy, and i'm fortunate to live in a place like this.
stop feeling sorry for yourself, brynn.
as i walk across the lower lawn, i look up and see my mom and pierce's bedroom light go off.
i guess they're turning in early tonight.
i walk up toward the pool and freeze as i hear a moan.
the lights downstairs are all off except one in the hall, and the pool's lights underneath the water.
my eyes dart around and fall on two writhing bodies on a poolside lounge chair.
nate and dana.
i stare as nate whips off his own shirt and then dana's.
i know i should move but i don't.
the blue pool lights shimmer against his back muscles as he expertly undoes dana's bra and pulls off her pants and underwear.
leave, you pervert!
my brain commands me, but my body stays firmly glued in place, even as it throbs with desire.
one of nate's hands massages dana's ample breasts, and the other disappears beneath her.
dana cries out immediately and i almost gasp myself, as though his hands are moving against me.
i can practically feel his touch on me, his hot breath against my ear as his expert fingers move inside me... nate grunts and pushes against her.
she struggles to contain herself as he thrusts slowly in and out of her.
oh my god-what am i doing!?
i step back with a jolt as though i'm breaking out of a trance and almost trip over the hydrangea bush next to me in my hurry to get away.
i run as quickly and quietly as i can around the side of the house and to the front.
i reach the front door and pray that nate is going to lock up later.
i feel the doorknob turn and push the door open in relief.
i hurry up the curving staircase and down the hall into my room, kicking off my sandals before hurling myself onto my bed and burying my head in the pillows.
i can feel my cheeks burning with mortification over what i just witnessed and the uncontrollable desire i felt.
i've had crushes before, but none like my obsession with nate.
and even after finally meeting him, only to have him tease me and push my buttons, i still feel so physically drawn to him.
i pull my face out of the pillow and crawl to the nightstand, pulling my dog-eared copy of lady chatterley's lover out of the top drawer.
just as i'm opening it to the folded-over page, there's a quiet knock at my door.
i toss my book on the bed and walk to it, hoping and praying it's not nate.
i almost jump as i pull open the door and nate's face appears, shrouded in the darkness of the hallway.
he leans forward, leaning his forearm on the doorjamb as i step back nervously.
his wavy hair looks particularly unruly, and his lips are curved in a slight smile.
" technically speaking, does a peeping tom have to be outside, looking inside?
or does the term still apply if both, or all three, parties are outdoors? "
he asks, calmly, tilting his chin up slightly as he considers me.
" i... i don't... " i stammer, feeling heat crawl up the back of my neck.
" you.
were.
watching us, " he accuses me, narrowing his eyes.
" i'm sorry.
i didn't mean to.
i just... i was down at the river... how did you...? "
" i heard a twig snap and saw you running away like a drunken ostrich. "
" did dana-? "
" no, and i didn't tell her. "
" thank god. "
" so?
what did you think? "
he smirks.
" oh, i'm so sorry, again.
i'm so embarrassed, " i rush on.
it strikes me that this is the longest conversation i've ever had with my new stepbrother.
and it's about how i'm a pervert.
fantastic.
" why were you watching us? "
he asks, stepping forward into my room.
i take another step away from him.
" um, i... i don't know.
it just sort of happened.
i didn't mean to. "
" liar, " he comments lightly.
" asshole. "
it slips out before i can stop myself.
he tilts his head slightly.
" prude, " he levels at me.
i look down.
maybe i am a prude, but i don't want to be.
" what's that? "
he asks.
when i look back up at him, i see him gazing past me, to my book on the bed.
" nothing, just a book, " i say, but he's breezing past me toward it.
i hurry after him but he reaches the bed before me and picks up the book.
" see? "
i say defiantly.
" i know what lady chatterley's lover is about, " he says, looking at me with a smug grin.
shit.
" maybe not such a prude after all, " he adds, running his eyes up and down my body.
i swallow hard.
" you know what i think? "
he asks, stepping toward me.
i step away again, feeling one of the posts of my bed against my back.
" i think you want me.
i think you can barely contain yourself. "
" that's mighty arrogant of you, " i comment.
i begin to tug the ends of my hair nervously.
" why are you doing that? "
he asks, frowning.
" it's just a nervous habit, " i say with a shrug, and drop my hand.
" so i make you nervous? "
" no, " i reply quickly.
" just you being in here... " " i'm only arrogant if i'm wrong. "
" wrong about what? "
i feel the urge to pull my hair again but don't want to give him the satisfaction.
" wrong about you wanting me.
let's give it a test- " he narrows his eyebrows, studying me.
" i'm going to kiss you now, and all you have to do is tell me to stop. "
" what?
that's crazy.
not to mention you just fucked dana, and now you expect me to kiss you? "
i protest, but he steps toward me.
i try to pull backward but i'm already pressed against my bedpost.
desire unfurls deep in my stomach as his eyes lock onto mine.
" if it's crazy, just tell me to stop, " he whispers teasingly, and moves closer.
his musky scent fills my nose and my mind begins to swim.
i feel wetness trickling down my thigh as he curls his arms around me, grasping the bedpost with both hands behind my lower back.
he's so close to me.
i can feel heat radiating off him.
his legs and chest sink against me and he moves his lips toward mine.
just a few inches between nate thornhill's mouth and mine.
now an inch.
now two centimeters... i can feel his warm breath against my partially open lips...
" stop. "
i whisper.
he freezes but doesn't pull away, as though he can't believe what he's just heard.
though truthfully, i'm marveling at my own restraint.
i can feel his erection against my thigh-i know he wants me, too.
now i can beat him at his own game.
i lean forward slightly, allowing my lips to brush against his as i speak, " unless you don't want to. "
his eyes, which were focused on my lips, flick back up to meet mine.
i force myself to stay steady even as i'm consumed by the lust in his gaze.
he stares at me for a moment, then pushes off the bedpost and steps back.
he opens his mouth, about to say something, but nothing comes out.
i remain pressed against the bedpost as he turns and moves toward the door.
without looking back, he shuts it behind him.
i stumble forward and take a deep breath.
it's like he takes all the air out of the room and i can't breathe when he's around.
i can't believe i just rejected him.
i'm stunned, but i also feel like giving myself a standing ovation.
i just resisted the advances of nate thornhill, my fantasy of almost three years.
i should win a willpower award.
i knew that if i 'd let him kiss me, i would forever lose any kind of power in our relationship.
i 'd be just be another pathetic girl who fell for his charms.
of course, the downside is that i'm more turned on than i've ever been in my life, and i'm alone with a book again.
i sigh and crawl back onto my bed.
i have a feeling that whatever is happening between me and my stepbrother, i haven't seen the end of it yet.
chapter seven " i'm so happy there's another girl working here! "
constance says, swiveling around on her desk chair.
she's my new cubicle mate, and one of only a handful of other interns at thornhill and co. " ah, there.
my outlook is finally working, " i announce, opening the email system on my desktop.
" so they 'll want you to sign an nda and stuff, but after, want to go to lunch? "
she asks.
" what's an nda? "
i turn to face her.
" non-disclosure agreement.
there are a ton of senators and big business types who come in here, and you can't tell anyone.
very important, " she says in hushed tones.
she seems very pleased that she's snagged this coveted internship, which is probably why i haven't told her that i'm the boss's stepdaughter.
i've never benefited from nepotism before, and it feels strange and uncomfortable to me now.
" oh.
well i 'd love to get lunch later this week, but i'm having lunch with my friend allison today.
we go to uva together, and she's got an internship at this urban planning place in georgetown, so i'm going to meet up with her. "
" cool.
georgetown has really good shopping.
i 'd love to go with you sometime.
fashion is like, my side hobby, and you have a stylist's dream body. "
" i don't think i- " i begin my canned response to a shopping invitation before i realize that maybe i can afford it.
and constance looks so perfectly chic in her patterned cardigan and statement necklace.
" you know, that would be wonderful.
i really don't know what to buy. "
" oh, i can help you with that.
but careful not to wear anything too tight around mr. thornhill, " she adds, rolling her eyes.
" what do you mean? "
i ask with a frown.
" oh my god, who is that? "
constance asks, breaking away from our conversation to stand and peer over our cubicle wall.
i join her to see nate and pierce walking down the hallway together toward the elevator bank.
they must be having lunch together.
" that's his son, " i reply, immediately sitting down again.
" he looks like a polo model! "
constance exclaims, sitting back down.
" um, what were you saying about pierce-mr. thornhill-just then? "
" well, i've never had an issue, but maybe he's just not into asian girls, " she says, throwing her black hair over her shoulder carelessly.
" from what i've heard, though, he has a certain reputation. "
" oh, no, " i reply, worriedly tugging on my hair.
shit.
shit.
i knew he was too good to be true.
" don't worry.
from what i've heard, he's pretty harmless, he's just from a different generation when it comes to women around the office-especially young women, " she adds.
" mmhm, " i reply, my mind already spiraling into crisis mode.
" you ok, brynn? "
" maybe he's changed, though.
i mean, he's married now, " i say, clinging to a speck of hope.
" yeah, i heard he got married. "
she shrugs.
" could be.
i don't think it's something that's been really recent or anything. "
i nod, feeling slightly mollified.
we both spin back to our computers as we hear footsteps approaching our cubicle.
i glance up to see pierce and nate appear in the opening.
" brynn, this is going to sound awful, " pierce begins, and i brace myself.
" but nate and i had plans to go to lunch, and we got down to the lobby before i realized how rude it was not to invite you along. "
phew.
for a second i thought he overheard our conversation.
" oh, that's so nice, but i actually have lunch plans with my best friend from school, anyway. "
" oh i see... well, enjoy!
there are some great restaurants around here.
we just wanted to let you know you were invited, " pierce says kindly, though from nate's frown i'm guessing that it was more his idea than his son's.
" constance, right? "
he says, turning to her.
" yes, that's right, " she squeaks.
" alright, well, we better get going or we 'll be late for our reservation.
see you at home! "
pierce says with a wave, and walks off with nate in tow.
huh.
i notice that nate didn't say a single word to me.
i guess he doesn't like being the one left wanting for once.
" why will mr. thornhill see you at home? "
constance says, slowly turning her desk chair to face me, a weird expression on her face.
" um, well, i'm his stepdaughter.
he just married my mom. "
constance gasps and buries her face in her hands.
" oh my god, oh my god, i'm so fired.
i'm fired, right? "
" what?
no!
i don't have that kind of authority, i'm just an intern, like you. "
" you're the boss's daughter, and i was just gossiping about him! "
" step-daughter, and i get it.
if i 'd heard rumors like that, i might want to warn other women i work with, too. "
" but i don't even know if they're true, i'm so sorry, " she says miserably.
" really, it's ok. and i'm sorry that i didn't tell you earlier that i'm his stepdaughter.
i just... you know, didn't want it to seem like it was the only reason i got the internship.
i mean, i really do work very hard. "
" of course you do!
of course.
yes.
i should get back to work, " constance says, turning to her computer and beginning to type rapidly.
"... and now i'm worried she's going to keep acting really weird around me, " i confide to allison over a caesar salad at clyde's on m street.
" do you think it's true? "
she whispers, leaning over the table between us.
" i don't know... i mean, maybe he was just a flirt, and it got blown out of proportion, you know? "
" i bet that's what it is, " allison says, nodding her head sagely.
" who knows how stories like that really get started?
and once they're out there, you can't erase them. "
" i hope that's what it is... i don't want to discount some woman's, or women's, experience just because it would be inconvenient for me, though, and painful for my mom.
she would be so crushed if it were true. "
" i wouldn't worry about it.
and that girl said they were old stories, right? "
" right. "
" and you said he treats your mom well, so i bet they're just ugly rumors. "
" yeah, yeah, " i reply, pushing the thought of pierce's alleged misbehavior to the back of my brain.
" how's the place you're staying at george washington? "
i ask, knowing she's taking advantage of a program at the nearby university to give summer interns a low-cost place to stay in an otherwise expensive city.
" it's fine.
my roommate's kinda loud, though.
how's your new house? "
" it's so big!
i don't know why anyone would need that much space.
i mean before my mom and i got there, it was just for two people.
well, three, including the maid. "
" there's a maid?! "
" there was.
she doesn't live there anymore.
oh, and there's all this flagstone on it, so i thought it was old, but my mom said that pierce had the house built around fifteen years ago.
he must have spent a lot of money to make something so new look worn-in. "
" you're lucky, " allison says.
" i know. "
" how's the stepbrother?
i don't know if i could live with a dumb jock. "
" well, nate's not dumb.
i've been in a few classes with him, and he's really smart.
he was even waitlisted for a lawn room. "
" you're a little defensive of him, " allison observes, sipping her water.
" yeah, i guess so.
i don't know why though.
he's been playing these weird mind games with me. "
" mind games? "
she repeats, frowning.
i push a crouton around my plate as i think about how much to tell her.
i have a feeling it's not the kind of situation she 'd condone, but i also really want to talk to someone about what's been going on.
" well, you remember that i used to have a crush on him? "
" yeah, i remember you saying something about it sophomore year. "
" i... i still have a crush on him.
or i think i do... i don't know.
i'm definitely attracted to him, and he's aware of the fact.
he can be really rude, and then last night, he almost kissed me, but he... " " whoa, what?
i mean, brynn, he's your stepbrother. "
" i know!
but only for the last few weeks, and- " " ok... but what if you did kiss?
what then?
you 'd have to see him every day, because your mom and his dad are married.
and then even if you weren't living together, what about holidays?
you 'd be cutting the thanksgiving turkey and sitting across from the guy you 'd made out with... for every thanksgiving. "
" ugh, you're right, " i reply, dropping my fork and covering my face with my hands.
this is why i didn't want to tell allison-she 'd throw logic in the face of my hormones.
but the truth is, she's right.
i feel like a bucket of cold water has just been poured over my head.
" you're right, " i repeat.
" i can't believe i even let it get this far. "
i head back to the office after lunch and spend the rest of the afternoon sitting in an awkward silence with constance.
i try to get her to engage about online shopping, but she only offers me one-word responses.
later in the day i meet another intern named greg, a cute, strawberry-blonde guy who blushes when i look him in the eye.
he is more the kind of person i should be looking to date.
i just wish i felt that same rush that i do whenever i'm around nate.
i drive home just after six in the old audi that was just sitting in the thornhill's garage.
it's definitely the most expensive car i've ever driven, and it's fun to really let out the engine on the short stretch of the beltway on my way back to potomac.
i park in the garage and let myself in to the small anteroom off the kitchen, where i kick off my shoes.
" mom? "
i call out, before spotting her outside on the back lawn, talking on the phone as the sun sets behind her.
i head upstairs with my tote bag still over my shoulder.
the huge house is silent as i walk up the steps and down the hallway.
nate must still be at his internship.
my mom told me he got one at some think tank downtown.
i drop my bag as i walk into my bedroom and push the door almost closed behind me with my foot.
i can't wait to get this skirt off.
it's my one pencil skirt, and it's a little itchy around my waist.
i step into the bathroom and turn on the elegant faucet in the sink.
i tie my hair behind my head with a loose elastic and splash some cool water on my skin.
first days are always exhausting, but i think today was unusually so.
as i look back up to my reflection, dripping with water, i see something move in the mirror.
i stare at it blankly, not understanding what i'm seeing.
the mirror above the sink is reflecting the mirror above my vanity in the bedroom, which is in turn reflecting an image from my partially open bedroom door.
it's nate, i realize.
he's standing outside my door, and he doesn't realize i can see him.
i look down at the sink, pretending to watch the last of the water as it swirls down the drain.
a shiver of excitement runs through me at the idea that nate could actually be interested in me-i mean, he's there, right now, watching me.
before i process what i'm doing, before i can think of all the reasons not to, i slowly move my hands to my lower back and undo the clasp at the top of the zipper, then unzip my skirt.
i let it fall in a pile at my feet, then step out of it.
i look up carefully and nate is still there in the double reflection.
allison's warning echoes through my mind but i keep going.
i feel high, high on the feeling that i'm actually desired.
i catch hold of the back of my rather shapeless blouse in my hands and pull it up over my head, then toss it onto the floor.
as i look back in the mirror, i try to imagine what someone else might see when they look at me, without my constant negative interior monologue telling me nasty things about myself.
do i have the kind of body that someone like nate could find attractive?
now down to my bra and underwear, i begin to feel nervous, but i reach up to unclasp my bra.
i feel the straps loosen on my shoulders and bring my hands forward to catch it as it falls.
" brynn?
you home? "
i hear my mom call from the foyer.
i freeze, holding the bra against my breasts.
i glance up.
nate is gone.
" yup, i'm home! "
i yell back.
" i saw your shoes!
i'm coming up-i want to hear all about your first day. "
i hear her footsteps on the staircase and hurriedly refasten my bra.
nothing like your mom's voice to kill your libido.
chapter eight the next couple weeks of my new life seem to pass rather quickly, mostly due to the fact that nate is always out with his friends after work, and our run-ins have been few and far between.
i've settled into a routine of sorts, even if i still don't feel like i'm at home here.
i 'd gone to bed early last night, with the intention of sleeping in this morning before visiting museums with allison later in the day.
however a loud noise from downstairs awakens me-i stare bleary eyed at my alarm clock, it's only 6:15am.
who 'd be awake this early on a saturday morning?
i get out of bed and tiptoe to my door.
i open it a little and hear something shuffling around downstairs.
i tiptoe out into the hallway and see everyone's bedroom doors are closed.
i know there's an alarm system-i had to memorize the passcode.
maybe an ungainly mouse is exploring?
i creep down the staircase and through the dining room.
the noises sounded like they were coming from the kitchen.
the swinging door is open, and i peak my head around it, my heartbeat blasting in my ears.
suddenly, nate steps out in front of me.
" fuck! "
he exclaims, and i jump back, startled.
" oh, god, i thought you were a burglar. "
" then you should have called 911, " he retorts brusquely, turning his back to me and walking to the island.
" well, you should be glad i didn't. "
sheesh, does he have to find something wrong with everything i say?
" what are you doing up so early anyway? "
" i was just working out. "
" wow.
this early? "
i ask, moving around him.
he's fiddling with something in front of him.
" yeah, every morning.
i need to stay in shape during the off-season. "
" i 'd be exhausted if- " i break off, as i see blood dripping from his palms onto the granite countertop.
" oh my god, you're bleeding! "
i gasp.
" yeah, i just can't get this fucking tape to... " he struggles to wind a bandage around his palm.
" let me, " i say, spying a first aid kit on the counter by the window.
from the blood smeared on it, i can see nate's already gone through it.
" you don't have to, " he protests.
" come over here.
the light's better, " i instruct him.
" do you know what you're doing? "
he asks, less than thrilled to accept my help.
" more than you, " i reply with a smile, nodding at the mess of tape around his palm.
i wash my hands in the sink and then open up the kit.
i take a pair of surgical scissors and cut off the tape that he's already applied.
i glance up slightly, and for the first time it hits me that he's shirtless, wearing only a pair of gym shorts and sneakers.
he's covered in sweat.
" how 'd this happen? "
" i over-trained a little.
got dizzy, tripped on a rock and held out my hands to break my fall, " he replies, eyes downcast as he watches me work.
" over-training for what?
lacrosse or crew? "
i ask as i pull out a piece of gauze and a bottle of hydrogen peroxide.
" both.
either, " he murmurs.
" this is going to sting, " i warn him, as i pat the gashes on his hands with the soaked gauze.
he hisses slightly as the liquid stings him, but doesn't move.
i slide my other hand under his, to stabilize it as i cleanse the wound of dirt.
i've never touched him this long before.
" other hand. "
he switches hands and i go to work cleaning the other one.
" maybe you should take a little time off from training, " i suggest quietly.
" or i could just work out my leg muscles, " he says, and i look up to see a wry grin on his face.
" mmm, " i murmur, smiling too.
" you know, " i go on, a bit more bravely, " i heard that only one varsity athlete got a lawn room, because sports are such a time commitment, much less a two-sport athlete- " " don't do that, " he grunts.
" i don't want your pity. "
" it's not pity, it's facts. "
" i was born with everything, i have no excuse for not achieving my all of goals. "
" where did you hear that?
it sounds like- " i break off, feeling him stiffen under my touch.
i was going to say his father but i can tell he doesn't want me to go there.
" you're just really hard on yourself, that's all, " i say instead.
i gently dab some neosporin onto the cuts.
" i know what everyone sees when they look at me, " he replies quietly.
" entitled... born with a silver spoon in my mouth... i work as hard as i do so that no one can say i succeed because of my family's wealth. "
i frown.
that's half of the equation i think, but it seems like he doesn't see how hard his father pushes him.
" i got a little bit of that at work the other day, " i say, wondering if it's ok to broach the topic of the internship he wanted.
i take a dry piece of gauze and cover his palm with it before picking up the tape and beginning to wrap it around his hand.
" when they found out i was pierce's stepdaughter, i mean.
feels weird. "
" your first experience of nepotism? "
" yeah, " i say with a smile.
" actually, my mom once got me a part-time job as the receptionist at the salon where she used to work, so i guess that's not true. "
" where does your dad work? "
" no idea.
probably a repair shop somewhere.
he's a mechanic, or he was.
last time we heard from him was several years ago.
he was in florida then, but he never stays in one place very long. "
" so you're the first in your family to go to college, " he observes, as i finish taping one hand and move to the other.
" yep. "
" is that why you're so serious? "
" am i? "
i ask, my eyes moving up to his.
" serious isn't the right word... distant, maybe. "
" distant?
that's worse, " i reply, feeling a little hurt.
" i didn't mean to insult you.
i'm just trying to figure you out.
we were really in class together?
which one? "
" there were three.
the first was this american history survey class freshman year. "
" professor michaels? "
" yeah.
i always sat behind you, though.
i'm not surprised you didn't see me, " i say, pressing down slightly as i finish wrapping his hands.
" i am, " he replies.
i glance up sharply, but his eyes aren't focused on my face.
they're looking at my body, which i now realize is quite exposed in my thin, white cotton nightie.
i completely forgot i was wearing it.
there's a moment of silence, and i suddenly become very aware of every inch of myself, and every inch of him.
his smell of sweat, beads of it still dripping forward down his chest, through a smattering of hair between his nipples.
allison's face appears in my mind, and i'm reminded of what she said.
" i'm done. "
" what? "
he says, his eyes pulling up to mine.
" with your hands.
i'm done. "
" right. "
i grab a glass from the cabinet and pour him some water from the faucet.
" here, you felt dizzy because you're dehydrated. "
" thanks, " he says.
he reaches for the glass with his left hand, which is closer, and then pauses and takes it awkwardly with his right.
" what was that? "
i ask, frowning.
" what? "
" let me see your left arm, " i reply, reaching for him, but he pulls back.
" no, no, it's nothing. "
" what is? "
" my shoulder.
it's just a little tendonitis. "
" oh really?
did a doctor tell you that? "
" not exactly. "
" webmd? "
i ask, raising my eyebrows.
he shrugs, then winces.
" you need to take better care of yourself.
you can't keep pushing yourself so hard. "
he frowns, and doesn't respond.
" well, at least take some tylenol for the pain, " i add as i pour two pills into my hand and begin to repack the first aid kit with the other.
" that's ok. " i tilt my head at him.
" pain isn't going to make you heal any faster, " i point out.
" fine, " he says with a little smile.
i blush as his fingertips scrape my palm as he takes the pills.
" well.
i think i'm going back to bed.
i'm supposed to check out some of the smithsonian museums later, so... " i trail off, feeling awkward now.
" ok, see you later, " he says, turning toward the back door.
i pause for a moment, then head back toward the staircase.
just like that, the one real conversation that my stepbrother and i have ever had is over.
i could practically feel him closing back up at the end there.
i climb the steps and shut my bedroom door behind me.
i feel more confused now than ever about our relationship.
i didn't think it could get any weirder after that peep show i gave him, but somehow this candid glimpse of him makes things even more complicated.
i close my eyes and try to fall back to sleep, but when my alarm goes off at ten, i'm still wide awake.
chapter nine the humidity is really starting to thicken by the middle of june, and it's a wonder that i haven't taken advantage of our pool yet.
the only swimsuit i have is an old athletic one-piece, and i pull it on reluctantly in my bedroom.
my mom keeps asking me if i want to go shopping, but i haven't taken her up on it yet.
all her new clothes look wonderful but i think i 'd feel uncomfortable spending so much money on myself.
i head down the hallway and almost bump into nate as he leaves his bedroom.
i reflexively cross my hands over my chest, even though i know he's seen me in less.
" hey, " i say.
" hey, " he replies.
it's the same conversation we've had ever since i saw him in the kitchen that morning.
we quickly slipped into polite, but formal, interactions with each other afterward.
if i had to choose between this and the mind games we started out with, i might choose the mind games.
the doorbell rings and i start to move past him to answer it.
" it's ok i 'll get it.
it's my friend jackson. "
he walks down the hallway toward the stairs.
i follow after him, and turn toward the backyard once we're in the foyer.
i hear his friend walk in just as i exit the french doors.
there's a chest set against the house with the outdoor towels in it, so i grab one and set it on a chair.
the area around the pool it is paved with light stones before it turns into grass, and lounge chairs and a table with an umbrella are carefully set around it.
i turn to the pool and step gingerly onto the first step in the shallow end.
it's nice-warm, but still refreshing in the hot summer day.
i step down the rest of the way until the water circles around my stomach, and then dive forward.
i swim to the other end, where the water gets darker and deeper, then push off and glide onto my back.
i open my eyes as i push the water past me with my hands and look up toward the house rising against the sun on my left.
a flash of movement in the second floor window grabs my attention.
there's a figure moving there, pulling a curtain aside.
at first i think it's nate-it's his room, i think-but then i catch a glimpse of blonde hair.
must be his friend jackson.
i turn onto my stomach and dive back under the water.
i want nate to be the one watching me.
i was never much into sports, but i've always wondered if i 'd be any good at them.
i push harder for the last couple laps and finally pull my head up at the shallow end, gasping for breath.
i take the steps back out of the pool and walk around to my towel and dry off my hair, then drape it onto the chair and lay down on it.
i can feel the suit clinging to my torso, and water sitting in my belly button.
i hear the door to the house open behind me and shield my eyes from the sun as i turn around to see who it is.
jackson bounds out of the door, his face spread in a genial grin.
" hey, you must be brynn.
i'm jackson, one of nate's oldest friends. "
" nice to meet you, " i say as we shake hands.
i notice nate lagging behind, standing just outside the door and looking reluctant to put another foot toward the pool.
" come on, man, let's get in.
i've been dreaming about this pool for days. "
" we shouldn't bother her, she likes to be alone, " nate says reluctantly.
jackson pulls off his shirt, and i look down at my interlaced fingers in my lap.
he's got a great body.
maybe not as good as nate's, but whose is?
jackson kicks off his flip-flops and jumps in, his splash narrowly missing me.
nate slowly walks toward the chair furthest from me, and takes off his shirt.
i watch his back muscles tense as he lifts it off his head.
" nate and i grew up playing lacrosse together, " jackson says, swimming to the edge of the pool and leaning his elbows onto the deck in front of me.
" hm?
oh, " i reply, as nate dives in the deep end.
" so you guys go to school together? "
" yup.
uva-i mean, of course you knew that. "
" which sorority are you in? "
he asks, pushing his wet hair out of his eyes.
" i'm not.
it's expensive, and i'm already pretty busy with work.
um, where do you go? "
nate pops up next to jackson.
they make quite a pair, nate with his dark eyes and jackson with his light blonde locks.
" you wan na get some food now? "
nate asks.
" dude we just got here.
besides, you're not supposed to eat for thirty minutes after you swim. "
" before, " nate and i both chime in.
we glance at each other as he continues.
" you're not supposed to eat for thirty minutes before.
why wouldn't it be ok to eat after you swim? "
" i dunno, " jackson replies, flashing me a blindingly white smile.
" just thought that was the rule. "
i find myself smiling back at him.
he has a boyish charm that's infectious.
" i'm pretty sure that's a myth adults made up so they 'd have time to eat their own lunch without the kids swimming unsupervised. "
i smile.
" ah that makes more sense.
you grow up around here? "
he asks me.
" yeah, on the eastern shore. "
" oh, sweet.
my family has a vacation house there.
i love going out there.
sailing in the bay and everything.
you go sailing a lot? "
" um, not really, " i reply.
nate kicks off the wall and begins to swim back and forth behind jackson.
i guess he's decided not to take it easy on his injured shoulder.
" we should go some time.
maybe not with him, " he replies, nodding behind him.
" too competitive. "
" he is, isn't he? "
it feels nice to be able to talk about nate with someone who knows him.
and who will gossip.
" was he always like that? "
" oh man, always.
we're like, ten years old, playing lacrosse on our school team, and coach was constantly having to pull him back during practice 'cause he was always going full out, full contact. "
he and i laugh together.
i notice nate pause in his stroke, but i can't imagine he can hear us.
" do you still play lacrosse? "
" naw, i don't really have the discipline to keep up with it.
i was good in high school, but you have to be great to cut it in college.
what sport do you play? "
" oh, none. "
" really?
you look like you're so in shape. "
" oh, thanks, " i reply, managing to only blush a bit.
from anyone else it would have seemed like a ham-fisted compliment, but jackson has such a natural, easygoing way about him.
" you going to this party in georgetown tonight? "
he asks, dunking his head briefly underneath the water, then shaking off his hair like a dog.
" what party? "
" oh, i figured nate told you. "
" told her what? "
nate asks, appearing next to him.
" 'bout chris's party, " jackson replies nonchalantly.
nate's jaw muscles twitch.
" hadn't mentioned it, " he replies shortly.
" well, you should come, " jackson says, turning back to me.
" she's not going to know anyone, and i think it's just gon na be a small thing, " nate says.
" dude, chris said to invite anyone.
they've got the whole townhouse.
it's gon na be great. "
" i just- " nate begins, as i bite my lip.
here i thought we were maybe getting along better, despite the awkwardness, and now he's going out of his way to exclude me.
" if you're worried about being a third wheel, just invite dana or someone, " jackson says, though even when he's arguing, he doesn't seem to have a care in the world.
" so, what do you think? "
he asks me.
" sounds great, actually, " i say, glancing at nate, feeling a bit gratified as he glares at me.
it feels good to spite him a little, since he so clearly doesn't want me to go.
" awesome.
tonight then.
we can go together-i 'll pick you guys up around ten, " jackson says, before jumping on top of nate and trying to wrestle him under the water.
i close my eyes as they disappear.
for the first time in a while, i wish i had something cute to wear.
chapter ten in the end, i have to go with the same black top i wore to that crew party.
it's really my only top suitable for a party, i think.
besides, nate's the only one who's seen me in it, and i doubt he remembers.
my mom excitedly waves goodbye as nate and i walk out to jackson's green suv.
she is so thrilled that i might have a social life that it's embarrassing.
jackson opens up the front passenger door for me and nate slides in back.
" we picking up dana? "
jackson asks as we pull away.
" it's natasha tonight.
and she's meeting us there, " nate answers from the back seat.
i guess i'm relieved, because i don't think i could look dana in the eye after seeing her and nate having sex by the pool.
" oh, fuck, natasha, of course, " jackson says, laughing and hitting the steering wheel.
i frown a little.
i guess it's par for the course for my stepbrother.
jackson picks up most of the slack in the conversation, and the radio does the rest.
i'm too nervous and stuck in my head, thinking of what i should say, while nate mumbles one word responses from the back.
i'm relieved when we find a parking space on the street near the party.
as we walk toward the riotous townhouse, i'm surprised the neighbors haven't already called the cops.
people are spilling out the front door and i can hear the music halfway down the block.
there's a pretty olive-skinned girl standing on the curb who turns her head as nate calls out, " natasha! "
she smiles coyly as we walk up.
nate dips her in a jokingly romantic manner and plants a kiss on her lips as she breaks out into giggles.
" come on, " jackson says, draping an arm around my shoulders protectively and escorting me inside.
he high-fives a few guys as we walk in, and he guides me to a keg in the middle of the living room, which is strung with little white christmas lights.
there's an impenetrable crowd around it but somehow he manages to snag me a beer, and before i know it i'm taking my first sip of the summer.
with his hand on the small of my back, we walk into the next room.
the dining room table is being used for a beer pong game, and jackson and i take a seat on a couch nearby.
" you're gorgeous, you know that? "
jackson whispers in my ear.
i'm startled and almost spit out my beer.
" no... " i look down, blushing, " i mean, that's sweet of you to say. "
" i 'd love to see you again after tonight.
maybe we could get dinner next weekend, " he offers.
" oh, sure, " i reply, feeling flattered.
i mean, it does feel a little... rushed, or something, but i've heard so many stories about guys just wanting to hook up, that it's refreshing to be asked out on an old-fashioned date.
i take a few more sips of my beer as i look around, feeling more comfortable now that i know jackson is really into me.
" hey, i'm going to get another beer, " i tell jackson, as i drain mine.
he jumps up.
" don't worry about it.
i 'll grab 'em, " he says, walking confidently into the other room.
i watch the ping pong ball as it's thrown back and forth across the table, and jackson is soon back with the beers.
he launches into a story about this crazy party he went to back at school, but out of the corner of my eye i notice a couple walking up the stairs at the rear of the room, their hands all over each other, and feel a stab of envy in my chest.
i am beyond tired of being a virgin.
it's certainly not on purpose that i'm twenty-one and still haven't had sex yet.
i guess i just assumed it would happen somehow, without my ever putting any thought into it, and i've never built it up like it's going to be some crazy special thing, either.
i look at jackson out of the corner of my eye as i make quick work of my second beer.
maybe nate was right-maybe i am too serious and distant.
maybe it would be better if i just got it out of the way.
and i bet jackson would be good at it.
really, really good at it.
plus, he's a decent guy.
"... don't you think? "
jackson asks me, leaning in.
" yes, right, " i reply, even though i spaced out and have no idea what he was talking about.
my hair falls in front of my face as i take another sip of beer, and jackson reaches up and tucks it behind my ear.
we make eye contact and he leans forward slowly, brushing a soft kiss across my neck.
" want to get out of here? "
he murmurs into my ear, sending a little shiver down my spine.
" my place is pretty close by, and we 'll actually be able to hear ourselves think. "
" um, yeah, that sounds good, " i reply, a little nervously.
jackson stands and offers me his hand.
i place mine in his and he leads me out toward the front.
we pass nate on the way, with his arms wrapped around natasha and his hands tucked into her back pockets.
" hey man, we're taking off.
you think you can find another ride? "
jackson asks.
" what do you mean?
you're both leaving? "
nate asks, frowning.
" yup, we're going back to my place, dude, " jackson replies.
" you cool for a ride? "
" yeah, come here for a second, " nate says, his eyes flicking back and forth between us.
he takes jackson's arm and pulls him toward a screen door in the back.
" not you, " he says to me, as i begin to follow.
i bristle at his tone.
they disappear out back and i look after them, my mouth open in shock and annoyance.
i can't believe the way nate talks to me sometimes.
so dismissively.
i exchange a polite smile with natasha, who is now looking around the party aimlessly, clearly bored without nate.
screw nate.
i 'll do whatever the hell i please, and i want to know what he's saying.
i brush past natasha, push open the screen door and walk into the small, fenced-in backyard.
there are fewer people out here, but there's still a crowd.
i can just see nate and jackson talking in a back corner.
i weave my way through the people, keeping my head down so they don't notice me.
i take out my phone so i look like i'm doing something other than eavesdropping, and sidle into the group nearest to them.
i can just overhear what they're saying.
" why, do you want her nate? "
jackson asks angrily.
my eyes widen.
" fuck no, she's my stepsister.
it's just weird, that's all.
you two.
she's not your type. "
i feel a stab of pain at the finality of nate's words.
" she's gorgeous, " i hear jackson reply.
" you think she's gorgeous? "
nate says, beginning to laugh.
" seriously?
dude, come on.
besides, she's a fucking buzz kill. "
i don't want to hear any more.
i can already feel angry tears building up behind my eyes.
i'm so stupid.
why do i keep giving nate the benefit of the doubt, when he is so clearly such an asshole?
i walk quickly back inside, through the living room, and out to the street.
i turn toward the left, where i can see a busier street, and hustle toward it.
i know it's going to be a pricey cab ride back to the house, but i feel like i'm about to explode into a puddle of tears.
and i don't want to give nate the satisfaction of seeing me cry.
chapter eleven i breathe in as deeply as possible and hold it, counting to ten before exhaling as slowly as i can, trying to rid myself of the hurt feeling that followed me home from the party.
it's a trick i learned to control my anxiety, and to say that i'm anxious right now would be an understatement.
i can't remember the last time i heard someone talk about me like that, though i suppose it's partially my fault for eavesdropping.
i finally start to feel calm enough to go to sleep, and reach to turn off my bedside lamp.
a rush of footsteps up the stairs makes me pause.
i sit up a bit as they continue down the hallway toward my bedroom.
a second later, my bedroom door bursts open and nate walks in, his face dark with anger.
" you're in bed?
you've got ta be fucking kidding me.
that was really selfish of you to run off without telling anyone, you know that? "
he spits at me, then turns around and walks out.
i'm frozen in shock for a moment.
what the hell was that?
what does he have to be mad at me for?
i leap out from under my covers and march out of my bedroom just in time to stop him from shutting his door.
he swings around as i charge into his room.
" i'm selfish?
you are just... you are just... " i stumble in my anger, trying to think of the right word.
" yeah, you're selfish, brynn!
i looked around that party for you for thirty minutes!
i thought you might have been kidnapped!
i almost called the cops! "
" wait... what? "
i reply, completely thrown.
" ever heard of a text message? "
he asks, his voice laden with sarcasm.
" yes, i've heard of a text message! "
man, i wish i were better at arguing.
" hey, wait a second, this isn't about me, this is about you!
you're the asshole!
i heard what you were saying about me to jackson, i'm not a buzzkill, and maybe i'm not gorgeous, but i'm not some kind of joke, either! "
i fight back the tears welling in my eyes, more angry than i've ever been in my life.
there, that got him.
he stands dumbfounded and i seize the opportunity to walk out.
just as i'm about to cross the threshold, he reaches around me and closes the door in front of me.
i stop short and turn around angrily, almost ready to smack him.
he's standing so close to me i'm practically pinned against the door.
" wait, what?
how 'd you hear that?
you followed us outside? "
" yes, i followed you, " i reply, stumbling a bit because i know i was wrong in that regard.
" i was mad because you were obviously trying to stop me from leaving with jackson, and i wanted to know why. "
i take a deep breath.
" i guess i can't control what you think about me, and that's... whatever, that's fine, but i don't know why you had to go sharing your opinion with jackson.
i mean, am i really that unattractive to you? "
to my horror, my lower lip starts to tremble.
i don't want to cry right now but i can't hold back the tears any longer.
" no... shit, that's not what... " nate says, his eyes widen as a tear slips down my cheek.
i furiously brush it away and nate backs up, running his hands through his wavy hair.
